James Best is best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard"
Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
He faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change.
Obama refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences.
The channel said it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
The law was passed by the Russian Parliament and signed by President Vladimir Putin in July 2013.
Marco Rubio is running for the Republican presidential nomination.
Ruben Navarrette: Rubio has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations.
He says Rubio has missed an opportunity to set himself apart from most of the presumptive Republican presidential candidates.
"Orphan Black's" second season premieres on Saturday April 18.
The cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV.
"Game of Thrones" returns for a fifth season.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air," a 911 caller says.
The ramp agent who took the untimely nap is an employee of Menzies Aviation.
He'll no longer have the option of dozing aboard one of the airline's planes.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
The Taliban released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement's website.
Several Afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
The movie, starring Gal Gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond.
The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to $300 million.
Toya Graham says she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son.
Video of her slapping her son has led to the Internet calling her #motheroftheyear.
Graham says she tries to steer her son away from potential trouble and troublemakers.
An obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge.
Modern obsidian scalpels look nothing like the decorative flint-knapped knives of Neolithic man.
But they are extremely brittle and prone to breaking if applied.
Saudi general says coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples.
The shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall comes across demographic lines.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in Aurora, Colorado.
Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings.
Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday.
More than 4,600 people dead, more than 9,000 injured in Nepal.
Another natural disaster strikes Tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu.
More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days.
David Frum: We set Baltimore on fire this time, and we let things get out of hand.
He says the word "we" is one of the great American words -- We the People. Yes we can.
Frum: We need to open our eyes to what is actually happening in Baltimore and other cities.
Indiana's religious freedom law is being criticized for being a copy of the federal law.
The law expands the scope of the law to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet.
CNN affiliate BFMTV is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9.
"The change will come," Scott's brother says.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer.
The father of four was a U.S. Coast Guard veteran.
Arizona investigators release dramatic video of a Walmart parking lot brawl.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood.
Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
John Legend came out to honor Bill Withers with a performance of "Use Me"
Patti Smith and Reed's widow, music artist Laurie Anderson, shared the three rules for life.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and violation of computer act.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.
Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage.
By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
There are now more people of faith who favor equality than stand against it.
Thieves broke into the vault of a 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London.
They reportedly took advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes.
Police are offering few details of the robbery at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stamped down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
One person died, according to the school.
Saudi-led coalition ends nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen.
"Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process.
Saudi officials say airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
As the insecurity in the region has spiraled, the worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks.
As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation.
Diana's name is as divisive as the very institution of monarchy itself.
Should her name be bestowed as a first name upon the baby, it would be perceived as a slap in the face to the monarchy.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer.
This month the city launched the tourism campaign "Juarez is Waiting for You"
Officer Michael Rapiejko ran his car into Mario Valencia in February.
Valencia faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage.
The Atlantic Music Expo aims to help Cape Verdean artists secure international exposure.
Tourism is expected to account for 20% of the country's GDP by 2024.
Afghanistan is a city transformed, swollen in size but shrunken in scope.
On Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war.
Five men who months ago had one valuable skill NATO depended upon: they speak English.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program.
The talks this week were historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship.
Washington University of rowing team attacked by Asian carp.
No rowers were injured during the ordeal.
The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by recovery teams.
Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation.
Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525.
Police release dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of Walter Scott.
The footage does not show the actual shooting.
A witness who shot cell phone video says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser.
Momo, a Doberman pincher, recently ate three watches.
The 80-pound dog is "more goofy than scary"
The hospital sees dozens of cases each week of dogs ingesting foreign objects.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday.
The mysterious collapse of much of the country's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories.
There is fertile ground for rumor-mongering in Turkey.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah.
At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi.
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" is a collection of photos of refugees.
Sahra, a Somali refugee, left her home at 14 years old.
Dumig says Sahra is a survivor and the embodiment of resilience.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity"
They call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month.
The first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms.
Parent company Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto.
The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's rape claim.
Sulkowicz started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday.
Aaron Hernandez is charged with murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez was a standout athlete in Bristol, Connecticut.
Lloyd was shot seven times near a pile of construction waste.
Japan's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4.
Locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to keep slim hopes of winning title alive.
Aaron Ramsey scores first half goal to secure Arsenal's hold on second place.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
"The Americans" is one of the best series on TV.
The finale is titled "March 8, 1983"
"Vikings" wraps up on Thursday.
Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says.
Violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.
Santana: "Mr. Scott never tried to fight"
The cell phone video reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of African-Americans.
Protesters say they're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray.
Police say they caught him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket.
An autopsy says Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury.
The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime.
Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
Showtime already had a deal in place with Lynch and co-creator Mark Frost to bring back the cult hit.
David Frum: Sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis.
He says raw capitalism is the economics of greed.
Frum: We are doomed to conflict and even collapse if we fail to promote social equality and environmental sustainability.
Garissa University College in eastern Kenya was targeted Thursday morning.
The attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus.
At one point, they burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry.
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students.
Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges.
Rio de Janeiro has launched an investigation into the causes of dead fish in the lagoon.
Officials defended the belief that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water.
Last week a sailor crashed into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed by a South Carolina police officer Saturday.
He was the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard.
A bystander's video of the shooting has traumatized the family.
U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded a year after ISIS became a household name in America.
The arrests highlight the unique challenges that ISIS poses in comparison with al Qaeda.
ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, law enforcement officials say.
Andreas Lubitz, co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525, had psychiatric issues.
Lubitz had to compete successfully in a selection process just to have the opportunity to train.
The selection process is most likely highly competitive, requiring above-average aptitude.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
Korean traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture.
A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday.
DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.
Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in central Mexico.
Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," a police spokesman says.
The coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death.
He was the grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty.
Julian Zelizer: Low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
Zelizer: Congress should help low-income workers gain access to predictable work schedules.
Julian Zelizer: Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality were about S&M.
He says the arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law.
Zelizer: The Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni's era.
The agreement reached in Lausanne, Switzerland, marks a new chapter in the history of the country.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
Iran's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets"
Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation.
The presentation is set to film next weekend on the Disney lot in Burbank.
Jean Nidetch was the founder of Weight Watchers.
She died Wednesday at her home in Florida.
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex.
The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless, a Secret Service source says.
Robert Boardwine's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
She thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth's assisted conception statute.
The mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia, police say.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods.
She will stand charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
The James Webb Space Telescope is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
The telescope is scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana.
NASA says that the project has four main goals -- namely, to search for the first galaxies formed after the Big Bang.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
A year ago, I could never have imagined that we would be here today, marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing.
In the early days of their abduction much of the world stood as one, rallying around the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls.
Mohamed Morsy was convicted of violence and inciting violence.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters.
Morsy is scheduled to start a new trial in May.
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened.
Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country.
Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain.
Farage complains that Britain's membership of the European Union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants.
He says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
About 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill every day.
Bouldry uses words such as "love," "hope" and "spirituality" to describe them.
Hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers.
The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre.
She says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day.
YouTuber Bobby Burns made his own version of the "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer.
Burns: "I wanted to contrast the old with the new"
David Frum: I see signs of a revolution everywhere -- in the op-ed pages of the newspapers, on the state ballots.
He says a revolution is burning white hot among young people, but also shows up among parents.
Frum: The word revolution, comes from the Latin revolutio, to "turn around"
Jury must decide whether Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die.
Four young people are gone, and grief fills the spaces they once occupied.
A father with a shock of white hair cried for the daughter he called "Princess"
A draft script of "The Breakfast Crew" has been found in a school district filing cabinet.
The movie was filmed at the Maine North High School building, which was auctioned off by the district.
Malala Yousafzai was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman.
A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist.
Chief Justice John Roberts once again faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry.
CDC: 95 people have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms.
The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Three of the teens have since been released "pending further enquiries," police say.
The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, Prime Minister Tony Abbott says.
Scientists say Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.
Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface.
An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the USGS says.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school.
Joel Burger is set to marry Ashley King in July.
Michelle Obama broke it down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February.
He was set to be sentenced in May.
Authorities don't know how he got out of his two-man cell.
Andrew Getty, 47, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, his mother and father say.
His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says.
Gordon Getty is one of three sons of J. Paul Getty, the oil tycoon.
Thousands of Yazidis live within hearing distance of one of Iraqi Kurdistan's frontlines with ISIS.
The Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves.
"They separated all of us," says 19-year-old Hanan.
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
Bates was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office.
He says he meant to stun Eric Harris with a Taser after Harris fled from officers.
Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters targeting Houthis and their allies in Aden, source says.
Houthi rebels withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden.
U.S. Navy warships were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef.
The airport has previously been bombed.
More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony.
The "bomb" had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials.
Tom Brady tweets his love for Gisele Bundchen.
Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday.
The model announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen.
The move is also meant to reassure allies in the region.
"We have created options for ourselves," a Pentagon spokesman says.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters.
The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week.
The only models on display will be the ones with four wheels.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says.
She was also involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years.
The National Rifle Association says its thoughts and prayers are with the Brady family.
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works.
The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship.
Keonna Thomas, 30, is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"
The Oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role.
He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since Heath Ledger.
No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made.
Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance at Compound nightclub Saturday night.
Ben Powers played Thelma's husband Keith Anderson on the final season of the classic CBS sitcom "Good Times"
Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded in clashes with Turkish armed forces.
Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri.
HBO has released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective"
The new season premieres June 21.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery.
Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" won the Pulitzer for general nonfiction.
New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said.
About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds.
AP McCoy wins Grand National for the second time.
Many Clouds wins by a length and a half.
Jockey Leighton Aspell wins last year's Grand National.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is facing charges that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain"
He's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
A passenger lost consciousness, officials say.
The plane expects to accommodate 75 passengers on another aircraft later Wednesday afternoon.
Police arrest 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea.
The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat.
Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast.
Sandra Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list.
She says she's happy with who she is.
David Frum: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the harshest punishment.
He says the killing was "heinous, cruel and depraved"
Frum: If we can celebrate good character and heroic acts of our best young adults, why can't we condemn the cowardly viciousness of our worst?
Anthony Sideri had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day.
He spent the next couple of weeks curled up on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing.
"I knew that my whole world was over, and I thought I was going to die," he says.
Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
Ellie is a high school freshman with Down syndrome.
Trey is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device.
The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
He's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Evidence collected in Lloyd's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video debuted Sunday afternoon.
The proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC.
"Mad Men" returns to AMC.
Billy Crystal returns to television.
Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer that he's a woman.
The social media reaction?  A cheer, a shrug -- and not much else.
Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are -- the Jenners and the Kardashians.
A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape.
The alleged gang rape was videotaped on a crowded stretch of Panama City Beach.
Authorities have said they plan to interview the woman and show her the full video.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," a geologist says.
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches.
People are removing salmon amid fear of contamination from ash and lava.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families.
Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
The U.N. says thousands more refugees are expected.
U.S. soldier killed in attack in eastern Afghanistan by Afghan National Army gunman, official says.
Afghan police chief: Afghan soldier opened fire on U.S., killing an Afghan soldier.
Another soldier was killed in exchange of gunfire, police chief says.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Kardashians seem to spawn a new trend every other week.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in Gorkha, Nepal.
The hospital campus is overflowing with patients.
Many of the injured are taken care of by attentive doctors and nurses.
Mike Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law.
Ruben Navarrette: Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives.
He says the issue of LGBT rights will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters.
Protesters upset over the death of Freddie Gray scuffled with police on the streets of Baltimore.
The Baltimore Police Department says the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property.
There were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week.
The eruption produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and April 23.
A 20-kilometer (12-mile) exclusion zone has been established around the crater.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto"
The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show.
Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students.
He says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie.
The guru is the founder of Bikram's Yoga College of India.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever.
The reaction to this new lineup is a range of cheers and jeers.
U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman says.
The previous round of talks between Houthi rebels and Yemen's government failed in January.
Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm on Tuesday.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India.
Hermann's project "Flower Man" is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
She gives her friends a list of 10 possible birthday dates.
The New York Times and the Washington Post have also posted solutions to the problem.
Brynn Duncan, 21, was diagnosed with mast cell disease at the age of 16.
Scientists don't know yet what causes the abnormal behavior.
Mast cells are the regulators of your immune system.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
The singer believes she was bitten by a tick last spring.
Lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 Special Olympics.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.
She and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel announce the arrival of their son.
Silas Randall Timberlake was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday.
Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed Thursday by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus.
At least three former members of parliament with the Party of Regions have reportedly committed suicide.
Australia is appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times, but to kill two people looks gratuitous and cruel.
Australia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Warren Weinstein was kidnapped by al Qaeda in 2011.
His family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says.
The money did not lead to the American aid worker's release.
Hillary Clinton will once again seek the Democratic Party's nomination for president.
The former secretary of state has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
Clinton's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors.
A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own.
Theia was apparently hit by a car and then buried in a field -- only to survive.
She suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons.
NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan says we may be close to finding evidence of alien life.
"We know where to look. We know how to look," she says.
FBI confirms that Malaysian bomb maker Marwan was killed in January.
Marwan was believed to be a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah.
The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage.
Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
The arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on Tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.
Jeff Green had open heart surgery.
The Memphis Grizzlies small forward missed the entire 2011-2012 season.
Green is now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.
Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others.
Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Regina Agyare is a tech entrepreneur who teaches local teens how to code.
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18.
The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future.
Record stores are a vanishing breed, another victim of the digital age.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day.
The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
The United Nations' international climate negotiations in Paris in December are the place to secure strong global agreement.
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the "Great Satan"
But just as U.S. and European sanctions were forcing Iran to the nuclear crossroads, President Obama has given Tehran an easy exit.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice.
Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time.
Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso's execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.
"Mad Men" is about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times.
The last season ended with the moon landing in July 1969.
Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the May 2 fight.
Uncertainty over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated Las Vegas event.
Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of next month's fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
The Al Marmoum camel race is an ancient tradition in the region.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
People line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies.
The tiny shop is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "little bear cookies"
In other parts of the world, food mania has erupted, swiftly winning people's hearts and stomachs.
An internal inquiry in 2009 concluded that Reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris.
The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria.
The airstrikes were carried out against four militants who crossed into the area from Syria.
Muna Mansour and her family are among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen.
The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals.
A group of U.S. organizations have filed a lawsuit against the State Department and Defense Department.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school.
At least a half dozen students were injured, officials say.
The fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
Maggie Doyne founded the BlinkNow Foundation to support and grow her efforts.
She lives in Nepal year-round, traveling to the U.S. a few times a year.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters.
The powerful storm has already claimed four lives.
Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong.
One of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage.
The pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security checks.
Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall.
Dr. John Swartzberg, M.D., a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley, walks us through the process of determining if our favorite dip is still safe to eat.
Kenya launches airstrikes targeting Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, a military source says.
The Kenyan military began its bombing raids Sunday afternoon, a Somali resident says.
Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
The hashtag #KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter.
Surgeon Dr. Dendy Engelman told Seventeen that the trend is dangerous.
In 2014, the number of women undergoing "buttock augmentation" rose by 86%.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Yuhei Takashima, 64, is accused of photographing an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14.
He says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women during repeated visits to the Philippines.
The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles.
U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans.
Officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.
Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East.
Saudi military intervention in Yemen has all but raised the stakes to unprecedentedly dangerous levels.
Britain's elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis.
The elected parliament consists of 650 seats, each representing a different number of constituents.
Only the candidate who wins most votes in each constituency gets a seat.
Liberal Democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives.
The drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the federal level.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out.
But there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a baby early Friday evening.
The baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf Jamie.
Loretta Lynch is nominated to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general.
Her confirmation is now taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate drags into its sixth month.
Lynch cleared the committee February 26 by a vote of 12-8.
Three people were killed and five others were wounded Thursday afternoon.
An exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years.
Barker hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee of a tow company.
Ruben Navarrette: McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement.
He says McHenry should have known better than to have used such words.
B.B. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, his daughter says.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez is known for his swagger.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student Health Roll Call.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria.
The nationwide recall is voluntary.
Kentucky Wildcats beaten 71-64 by Wisconsin Badgers in NCAA men's basketball Final Four.
Blue Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61 in first contest of the night.
National player of the year finalist Frank Kaminsky led Wisconsin with 20 points and 11 rebounds.
Jury convicts Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing.
David Frum: To fight extremism, we don't need to reform Islam.
Novak Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters.
Serbian world number one beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3.
Djokovic extends winning streak to 17 matches.
Kenyans take to social media to humanize the victims.
The attack at a university in Garissa killed 147 people, mostly students.
Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab's training camps in Somalia.
Stephen Hawking has partnered with Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song"
The collabo is in honor of Saturday's Record Store Day.
The 7-inch single will be available for sale.
Michael Keaton hosted "Saturday Night Live" this weekend.
He paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman"
The show also poked fun at CNN.
Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio in the 1980s and '90s.
Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students.
Magician and comedian Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN's Don Lemon.
Brett McGurk says ISIS is a problem that is "off the charts historically"
The U.S. has been stepping up efforts to involve Sunni groups in the fight against ISIS.
Alice Barker, 102, was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s.
She had never seen herself actually dancing.
African investors are having a considerable impact on London's property market.
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.
Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS.
The map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist, gives us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Yong Soo Lee was forced into sexual slavery by Japanese soldiers during World War II.
She is just one example of over 200,000 women from Korea, China, Philippines, Indonesia, and other Asian nations.
When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe addresses a Joint Meeting of Congress on Wednesday, he has an opportunity to do right by these women.
John Avlon: McDonald's will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees.
He says the move leaves out the vast majority of McDonald's workers.
Avlon: We are at a turning point in American history.
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos.
He says he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term.
The Calabrese patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, Italy's southernmost territory.
In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a "hard-partying college frat boy"
He says he posed as a black man to get into medical school.
He claims he was wooed by several top medical schools.
South Korean investigators say they have proof of the actual malicious codes used in the attacks.
The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters.
North Korea has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication"
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years.
Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian.
ISIS beheadings have galvanized international opposition to the group.
Psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski says they may be encouraging copy-cat acts.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event.
The 21-year-old faces life in prison or the death penalty.
Prince Harry visits the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
He'll be spending four weeks with the country's military.
Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president.
He says there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton.
Zelizer: Clinton's credentials as a fighter against inequality are mixed.
SpaceX says it will try to land a Falcon 9 rocket on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean.
The company says it hopes to someday land rockets on the ground.
Oliver Minatel, 22, says he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto.
He says a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him.
The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip.
A former banker, 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich is published May 5.
Peter Schweizer: The issues raised by the book will prompt Team Clinton to put its candidate on the road.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," Cathy Olson says.
One person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs.
A large and dangerous twister tore across fields in Iowa.
Scott Kelley, 50, was taken into custody at the Atlanta airport Wednesday.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004.
His wife, Genevieve Kelley, turned herself in to authorities last year.
"It's been a really rough day," Susan Reiter says.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers.
Many of those killed came from other countries, a doctor says.
Michael Slager, 33, has been fired, officials say.
His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance.
Slager is charged with murder.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September, the Vatican says.
The trip will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries.
Francis will be the third consecutive leader of the Roman Catholic Church to visit Cuba.
Mui Thomas is the fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis.
She suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection.
Mui has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
The lyrics to the famed Don McLean song sold for $1.2 million Tuesday morning.
The song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status.
Two African-American candidates win their wards to make Ferguson 50% black.
Ferguson's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the City Council is predominantly white.
Supporters of both candidates say that from the tragedy of a young black man's death, a new day dawned in Ferguson.
U.N. commissioner-general will make emergency visit to Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp.
Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds.
His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.
Observers were quick to point out that Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.
Heather Mack, 19, was found guilty of killing her mother in Bali.
Tommy Schaefer, 21, was sentenced to 18 years in prison.
Mack gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago.
An explosion outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe kills at least five people.
More than a dozen others are injured, witnesses say.
Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets.
Fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of the airstrikes.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September.
The possibility was first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal.
Pope Francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the U.S.
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam.
There's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults.
Former Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud dies at the age of 84.
Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
He led Australia into an era of world dominance as a player.
Daisy Bentley, 23, has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper.
Her quest has uncovered a fascinating, if idiosyncratic, collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings.
The note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London's Hackney Wick.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government"
Peter Bergen: Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's constitution or electoral process.
He says the U.S. policy has adopted the Saudi-Gulf narrative on Yemen.
The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds.
It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
A partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors.
The robot set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris.
Robert Durst, 71, is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
A Louisiana judge ruled last month that Durst will be held without bail.
Police meet with a man who was in Walter Scott's car when Slager pulled it over.
Slager has been fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge.
The dress was worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind"
The outfit was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were just about to become parents.
Sharry was eight months pregnant when Smith fell and hit his head.
The family photo has become a social media sensation.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says.
More than 700 people have been killed in violence since mid-March.
The Houthis say they have the support of the country's people behind them.
The overturned convertible was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway.
The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious.
Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, they scrambled to save her.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 after a car crash.
The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember him.
Walker's co-star and close friend Vin Diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening.
New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world.
Opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of the country.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area.
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a guessing game.
She was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.
Freddie Gray was arrested by police on April 12.
The 25-year-old was carried in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in.
Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, unveils new livery.
The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone.
April is National Get Tested Month.
David Frum: Freedom to test won't save money.
He says it will cost people real money.
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda.
A senior U.S. official says the Pakistani government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert's release.
Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba designed to look and move like a real person.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
Irwin Horwitz wrote an email to his students accusing them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting"
The email went viral, and his name was widely shared on Twitter, Facebook and Reddit.
Horwitz says he stands by his actions, but he is afraid the notoriety will cost him his job.
One survivor of the deadly shipwreck gave to investigators, prosecutors say.
The Bangladeshi migrant is among dozens who authorities say were saved from the sinking vessel.
Maltese authorities say around 50 of 700 people on the boat had been saved.
The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggered a violent chain of events.
It all started with a birthday party that little Damani Terry was attending.
Two more people would also die: the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man.
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
LZ Granderson: Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears marry in Dunblane, Scotland.
The wedding is dubbed "the royal wedding of Scotland"
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags.
The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
U.S. officials CNN has spoken to have voiced their concern about the potential for an ISIS presence.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City in May 1979.
His photo appeared on milk cartons after his disappearance.
A New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing.
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst.
The ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street.
Some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them.
Loretta Lynch will take the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line.
Lynch will need to put down the carrots, pick up the stick and make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse.
The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and begin its combustion in the atmosphere.
The original plan was for Progress to burn up re-entering Earth's atmosphere.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect.
Bates says he mistook his firearm for the stun gun.
The sheriff's office is fending off allegations that supervisors were told to forge Bates' training records.
Rolling Stone's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice, says David Frum.
Frum: The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
He says the editors who committed the blunder seem unprepared to revamp their operation.
Tornadoes touched down near Dallas on Sunday.
No one was hurt.
Ahmed Farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
Farouq and another top figure, Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in a January 15 drone strike.
CyArk is a non-profit company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture.
The company uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar.
It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed.
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a police official says.
The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by a member of the recovery team.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
Italy is grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills.
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream.
The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
The shootings' main similarity is that the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed.
What's changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston?
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
Francis has appeared on the NBC Sports Network outdoor lifestyle show "Eye of the Hunter"
Aircraft must enter the SFRA through specific flight "gates" that are displayed on a standard aviation map.
Noncompliance with the airspace requirements carries some serious federal penalties.
Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges.
He is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, during an argument.
The judge also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
The tell-all will look at the rise of the cast and explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high.
The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
"We've dropped some crazy things out," Lockheed test pilot Steve Knoblock says.
U.S. officials say there will be opportunities for "interaction" between the two leaders.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California.
He gained fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law"
Dysart appeared in every episode of the show, which ran from 1986 to 1994.
V. Stiviano was ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts after Sterling's wife sued her.
She claimed Donald Sterling used the couple's money to buy her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover.
Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California.
Paramedics from the Los Angeles Fire Department were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT.
Mitchell, 71, is currently in intensive care undergoing tests.
A massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday Saturday.
Many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings.
Others crowded around rubble, including men and women racing to rescue those trapped.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, were killed.
They were youth pastors at the EastPointe Foursquare Church in Puyallup, near Bonney Lake.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians inside Cameroon for the first time in a month.
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, an operations officer says.
The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10.
A microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it.
Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters.
The Guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers, whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations.
The Gospel of Luke gives us a glimpse of how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
PG&E is ordered to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
The company's chief executive officer says it is working to become the safest energy company in the United States.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.
Of the people on board, 78 were Russians.
The 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading critical articles.
But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
The study's authors have named it the "Great Cannon" and it operates in plain sight.
Iraqi forces take control of the northern city of Tikrit.
They found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped.
Officials are concerned about the behavior of the conquerors.
Florida's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it.
Another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
Guenter Grass is best known around the world for his novel "The Tin Drum"
He was 87.
Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
Barney Frank was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex.
Peter Bergen: Frank's declaration was oddly timed, too.
He says 2016 hopefuls on the right have been reluctant to express support for LGBT rights.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2013.
She successfully petitioned the NCAA to move up the opening game of its schedule.
Hill would go on to help raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago.
The city of Aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government.
Ruben Navarrette: U.S. drone strike kills two aid workers held hostage on Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
He says there is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy.
The use of hostages to extract concessions or dampen enthusiasm surrounding reconciliation is part of a consistent pattern, he says.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January.
He hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express.
"I thought I lost you," the relieved father said.
The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville.
There are no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
Sabeen Mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance.
She was shot dead at point-blank range after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi.
No one has claimed responsibility for her shooting.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport.
Authorities received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS.
It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged.
About a dozen Native American actors have walked off the set of an Adam Sandler movie comedy.
They say the satirical Western's script is insulting to Native Americans and women.
Sandler has not commented publicly on the walkout.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister.
He has been U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's opposite number.
Zarif has gone a long way to bring Iran in from the cold.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, her attorney says.
The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
She asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew..."
Schwartz: "Kids can share what they feel comfortable with"
China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app.
Study: "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself.
Researchers analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald.
Theobald said he based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she isn't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks.
Julian Zelizer: Democratic populism can't really work within the current campaign finance system.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
For some communities, the group is the local governing authority.
The #KylieJennerChallenge hasn't escaped notice.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage tied first with 21% of the vote.
David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone.
The electoral strengths and weaknesses of the two main leaders are emerging.
David Frum: Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century.
Frum: The body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in for their agendas.
He says the Obama administration views it as the most dangerous component of al Qaeda's global network.
The Solar Impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in China.
The plane is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel.
Pilot Bertrand Piccard and engineer Andre Borschberg are taking turns flying.
Hillary Clinton's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign.
Clinton will have to negotiate and traverse several tricky and rocky paths to ensure that her State Department career remains an advantage.
French prosecutor says he is not aware of any video footage from on board the plane.
Bild and Paris Match report that a cell phone video was recovered from a phone at the crash site.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture.
He was a man thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace.
At least 10 people are killed, including a woman and a boy, police say.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described Yarmouk as "the deepest circle of hell"
The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children, says U.S. ambassador to Syria.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Varvara's journey surpassed a record listed on the Guinness Worlds Records website.
Britt McHenry was suspended for a week by ESPN for her comments about a towing company employee.
Julian Zelizer: McHenry showed that she either forgot those "golden rule" lessons from childhood.
Zelizer: The pope appears to have been more than graceful, because he pledged to learn how to pray.
Kate Parker's series, "Strong is the New Pretty," covers the last two years.
She shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition.
The girls pose for an occasional portrait, but most are kid-inspired moments.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says he is approaching HEAVEN.
He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient.
Canavero hopes to get a buy-in this summer when he presents his plan to the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopedic Surgeons.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central Florida.
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018.
The center is also focused on breeding the animals.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko has an important title defense coming up.
Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion.
The 39-year-old is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against American challenger Bryant Jennings.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed.
CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today.
The use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia.
A New York jury is struggling to reach a verdict on the guilt or innocence of Pedro Hernandez.
Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers said he made up his account of the crime.
Etan Patz's parents have waited more than 35 years for justice.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning.
Past Tony winner Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees with Bruce Willis.
The awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS.
Gao Yu, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping says.
The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9"
The document revealed the Party's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy.
North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Mexico defended the move saying it followed proper protocol.
Doug Hughes, 61, wrote about his intentions on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org.
"The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC," Hughes wrote in an online post.
Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan says Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia.
At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports.
The dogs would have been culled by people involved in greyhound racing, police say.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "Purge: Anarchy"
In the movies, set in Los Angeles, people barricade themselves in their homes at night.
Freddie Gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest.
But a handful of people repeated the family's message.
The peacemakers placed themselves in the rioters' way.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," Lesa Strachan says.
"To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die -- that's indifference," she says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900.
He has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.
David Frum: Abraham Lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his Midwestern roots.
He says Lincoln's claim that the Union created the states provoked strong disagreement in other parts of the country.
Frum: Lincoln's nemesis on the Supreme Court, Chief Justice Roger Taney, had emerged from a court dominated by the South.
As April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994, we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks.
The national and international headlines use "xenophobia" as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis within which this phenomenon occurs.
Blue Bell ice cream temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants.
Public health officials warn consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant.
It is the third time Blue Bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a Kansas hospital.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty.
"No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims' families," attorney David Bruck says.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was arrested overnight in Chicago.
Authorities had been looking for Taylor since early Wednesday.
He jumped a correctional officer at Kankakee's Jerome Combs Detention Center.
Alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband.
Heathrow Airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
A blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
Read week one and week two.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3.
The trailer conveys Winehouse's ambivalence about fame.
Winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011.
Australia agrees to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australia is an important ally of the United States.
One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"
At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri.
Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore.
Cassandra C., 17, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December.
She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya.
Many people have been killed and still more taken hostage.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence.
They have focused on his dead older brother, portraying Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence.
It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Jeremy Renner appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"
Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder by starring in both "Avengers" films.
"I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter says.
Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also are ordered to serve seven years on probation.
Baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators.
India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited Nepal twice in his first year in office.
Boston fans feel at home in Oriole Park because much of it was based on Boston's Fenway Park.
But when the Orioles pulled out a win in the 10th inning, 36,000 fans remained in their seats.
David Frum: Baseball's sense of nostalgia encompassed by places like St. Louis.
South African troops deployed Tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence.
Their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday.
The U.S. is complaining to Moscow about the incident.
The incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college.
They were married and raising little Maeve, 3, and baby Hazel, 3 months.
Shelby's cancer had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain.
Jackson Gordon, 21, is an industrial design student at Philadelphia University.
He has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.
Gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay.
Edwin Sabuhoro was a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
He volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla.
Sabuhoro is now trying to take his idea further to other national parks across Africa.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed by a police officer.
The Black Lives Matter movement has staged protests around the country in the wake of high-profile deaths at the hands of police.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
She posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling.
The clinic fired Lindsey, covered her name on its marquee with duct tape.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
The film stars Paul Walker, killed in a car accident in late 2013.
Eyewitness video shows white North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager shooting to death an unarmed black man.
Witness says he didn't see Scott grab Slager's Taser.
Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Gov. Jerry Brown orders cities and towns to reduce usage by 25%.
The 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.
A staggering 11 trillion gallons are needed for California to recover from the emergency.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Most of the parks that charge a fee are free year-round.
The park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #NationalParkWeek.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.
The driver, Michael Jones, was sentenced to life in prison.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies.
Some organizations have set up recruitment drives online, featuring applications for foreign fighters.
New Orleans went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight.
The city is known for its over-the-top Mardi Gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests.
ISIS claims it controls part of Iraq's largest oil refinery.
The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
Iraqi government security officials denied that claim.
The sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
The 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is Friday.
The Turkish government denies that a genocide took place.
Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium.
A taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
The tacos will start flying this fall.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital.
Freberg was known for his musical parodies.
He won a Grammy Award in 1959 for best performance, documentary or spoken word.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias.
Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain.
She is an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck"
Frances says she would have had a dad if he had lived.
Crew of alleged poaching vessel rescued by conservationists pursuing them.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it.
The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner have apologized for comments they made during a press tour.
Renner: "I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone"
Fans on social media didn't take it lightly.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of bombing the Boston Marathon in 2013.
He was convicted on all 30 counts, including using weapons of mass destruction.
The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals.
Julian Zelizer: There has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in America in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal.
He says sterilization is linked to the controversial "eugenics" movement.
Google rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
The company is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks.
30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5.
This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014.
There are more treatment facilities than demand in Liberia and Sierra Leone.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section.
The babies are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," wounded veteran Nicholas Connole says.
"Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix.
A second season will be coming in 2016.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is delivered.
The NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries"
The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak.
Five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment.
The plant was hit by another explosion in July 2013, although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday.
The probe ran out of fuel, ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data.
Dean Obeidallah: I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott.
He says if not for the video taken by a bystander, this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation.
ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014.
A small group of Assyrians formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha.
Many see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba.
But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow.
Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
Officer Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at Walter Scott.
The video contradicts Slager's statement that he felt threatened after Scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, a prosecutor says.
Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches.
The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve says.
Martin O'Malley is using YouTube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion.
Maya Harris is about to play a big role in the question of how Hillary Clinton plots her path to 270 electoral votes.
Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident.
Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Gray subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky by Thursday afternoon.
President Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years.
His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries.
Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter.
Less than 48 hours ago, Kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.
The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably.
People are clambering aboard buses, into cars, trying to get as far away from this devastation as possible.
U.S. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter.
Pemba Tamang, 15, was buried for five days under a building that pancaked.
He was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace.
India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen.
The flights are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers away.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.
The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains unresponsive.
Brown's father, Bobby Brown, said his daughter's condition had improved.
A ban on federal funds for syringe exchange programs was implemented in 1988.
An estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV every year.
Syringe services programs have played a crucial role in driving down HIV transmission among injecting drug users.
Armenia marks the 100th anniversary of the mass killings, which is marked on April 24.
The country of Armenia was trending when the Kardashians first rose to fame.
Three Orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping.
The rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands.
Jewish law requires a husband to present to his wife in order to be issued a divorce.
Airbus A320 overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m.
There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro met in Panama this week.
Ruben Navarrette: Obama has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits.
He says the U.S. has been losing ground in this increasingly important region.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit, Guitars Over Guns, pairs middle-school students with professional musicians.
Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service says.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places, the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety says.
Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted in January 2012.
He was working on a reconstruction project in Pakistan.
Two years later, he was killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state and local media report.
The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Li Lifei, 26, has been trying for six months with no success.
Each month there are around 10,000 license plates available in Shanghai.
Another option would be to buy a hybrid vehicle that automatically qualifies for a license plate.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College.
Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reports.
Stancil snapped back at the judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer.
Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
She is unconscious but expected to survive.
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices.
Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound.
Through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user.
Ashish Thakkar is Africa's youngest billionaire.
He founded an investment fund focused on Africa called Atlas Mara.
Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Virgin Galactic.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday.
The owner of the door filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175 U.S.
The iron door will remain in the possession of the Khan Younis police in southern Gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday.
The word "genocide" did not exist at the time.
Some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized unless the truth of what happened to their forebears is acknowledged.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire.
The fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Joseph Kent was arrested Tuesday night after a citywide curfew went into effect.
His lawyer says he is still trying to get in touch with his client after he was released.
Rapper Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch.
Drake performed "Madonna" off his new mixtape.
Filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides.
Just a few days ago, Maysak gained super typhoon status.
Authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the deputies' safety and that of their families.
The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations.
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
North Korea has a number of issues it's been wrestling with for years.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key.
The complaint was filed by an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant"
Key publicly apologized to a waitress for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail.
Jamal al-Labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says.
He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
More than 200 people have been killed in Aden in the past 11 days, deputy governor says.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded, we are still experiencing its profound environmental and economic repercussions.
It's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation.
Deion Sanders Jr. called out his son on Twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts"
The elder Sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, state news agency Bernama reports.
Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff.
Jamaluddin Jarjis, former Malaysian ambassador to the United States, was chairman of PR1MA Malaysia.
One of the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror-related charges in England.
A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead.
He was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising, an Australian law enforcement operation.
Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives.
Medical records reveal that Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy.
Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014.
Kathmandu is not as visual as the Haiti earthquake (of 2010)
There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water.
No one's sure what it's like at the epicenter.
"We've come up on a time line," police commissioner says.
"Baltimore is not violent. We have been under a lot of duress," says student.
More than 100 people are arrested in New York and Denver.
Police in Malegaon, Maharashtra, have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle.
Along with the photograph, the residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features'
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray.
Some are concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go"
Violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of Durban.
Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants.
The blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific.
Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
The blob also is affecting life on land.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season.
In 2014, the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell.
The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest.
Don McLean's "American Pie" is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad.
The 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics is sold for $1.2 million.
Thousands seek refuge in temporary shelters in South Africa.
Mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead.
Police have scrambled to stop clashes this week.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order.
Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand's military seized power last May.
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday at her home in Mallorca, Spain.
She was married to John Lennon for six years, from 1962 to 1968.
Her son Julian Lennon was at her bedside throughout.
Myopia rates have doubled in most of East Asia over the last 40 years.
In South Korea, myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% in 2011.
Researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy, free and readily-available.
The death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest.
ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power.
ISIS presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause.
Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of the Baiji refinery a week ago.
Iraq is working to fortify the facility's defenses, the coalition says.
Rishi Khanal was rescued after a French search and rescue team found him under the rubble.
Khanal, 27, had just undergone surgery and was resting, surrounded by family and friends.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur.
Millennials don't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day.
Ruben Navarrette: Hillary Clinton should make the announcement.
He says such stunts are trite and theatrical.
Kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack, Interior Minister says.
Thursday's attack by al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers.
The attack left 104 people injured, including 19 who are in critical condition.
Hatton Garden heist is not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins.
Many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions.
The only reason has been for the money, often to support a certain lifestyle and to fund other criminal enterprises.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
Exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in China.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day.
Customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers"
The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s.
Thorpe's background was not in photojournalism, but in landscape photography.
Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
Ruben Navarrette: Paul's record makes it very clear that his views are outdated.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday.
The movie, a spoof of the Arthurian legend, did not start auspiciously.
It was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience.
The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed at a fan festival.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie.
The movie won't begin shooting until this summer.
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says about 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
UNHCR is "extremely concerned about the dangers for anyone trying to flee across the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden"
At least 643 people have been killed in Yemen since the fighting escalated three weeks ago.
Mike Rowe is the founder of Living Lands & Waters.
He and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways.
Pregracke earned the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award.
Aaron Hernandez will be shipped to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison.
The Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley is about 40 miles outside downtown Boston.
Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once.
Aaron Hernandez's defense wraps up its witnesses in less than a day.
Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Much of the evidence in the former NFL star's case is circumstantial.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
The split helped pave the way for the U.S. Supreme Court to take up a case on Tuesday.
Critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight.
A century ago, some American dreamers decided to drain the swamp known as Florida.
But without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in Florida.
Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day.
The fate of the five will be revealed by April 13.
This year also marks the 20th anniversary of the influential Fourth World Conference on Women.
Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993.
Anthony Stokes was rejected for heart transplant in 2013.
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him.
About a week after Stokes' story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit boxes.
The thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd through the shaft of an elevator.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds, or 300 million dollars.
Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa that inevitability is not unbreakable.
O'Malley was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama.
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated.
The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him.
Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge planned executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
They are awaiting execution for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title.
Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover were second with 84.696.
Steve Guerdat and Albfuehren's Paille had the last fence down and narrowly avoided a time fault.
Flight 448 had been bound for Los Angeles.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957.
The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk.
Russian President Vladimir Putin holds annual Q&A session.
Putin defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Last year, he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from Jeffrey Epstein.
Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January.
South Korean intelligence agents say Kim Jong Un has executed 15 senior officials.
The nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations was also not immediately clear.
Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island.
Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 completely this year.
Only two more of 2014's top 10 islands appear on this year's global list.
Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son.
He was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.
His mother, sister, uncle and cousin describe him as a champion of family.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Last week, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred at a nearby university.
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment.
Three previously arrested men were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
He's counting on Iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base, to propel him forward.
The past two winners of Iowa's caucuses rose to victory with support from the Christian right.
Russia cancels Kim's trip to Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of World War II.
Experts say Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position.
Kim runs one of the most brutally repressive regimes on Earth.
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
Paul Bettany will play the Vision in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel.
Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series "Daredevil"
Director Bryan Singer announced a new character for next year's sequel "X-Men: Apocalypse"
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya.
At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
Joss Whedon is facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods.
Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard.
Gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.
NATO's Joint Warrior war games are underway off and around Britain's coast.
The numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines.
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort.
Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Ben Affleck lobbied producers of a PBS show to remove any reference to his ancestor.
Julian Zelizer: Affleck had every right to ask for the information about a long-deceased distant relative.
He says PBS has launched an internal review to determine if the show violated its editorial standards.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, along a canal Friday.
The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat.
Authorities say the paths along Yuma canals are popular for joggers and bicyclists.
South Carolina police officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder.
Walter Scott, 50, was shot dead by Slager as he ran away with his back to police.
Slager is also "terminated" from the force, North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey says.
Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history.
David Frum says Abe is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest.
He says Abe has worked to undermine and repudiate previous Mea Culpa.
A gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He shot the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities say.
The gunman remains at large.
A prosecutor has dismissed allegations that Argentina tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing.
The move by prosecutor Javier de Luca could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation.
TV5Monde regained control of one of its 11 channels Thursday.
A cyberattack a day earlier crippled its broadcasts and social media accounts.
The network's director called an "extremely powerful cyberattack"
ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit.
Marilyn Mosby is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States.
She will decide whether criminal charges should be filed against Baltimore police officers.
Mosby is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby, who represents areas of West Baltimore.
None of the rescued girls has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest.
The militant Islamist group has been kidnapping females for years.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists.
A third of Americans use alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies.
Homeopathic medicine is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease.
Critics say the FDA is not doing enough.
Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
The cult 1990s television show was set to return in 2016.
Showtime Network released a statement saying they were "saddened" by Lynch's decision.
Chinese police release five female activists who were detained last month.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has found the lost city of Lagunita.
Since 1996, he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
Det. Ian Cyrus is suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000.
Cyrus is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau.
Gunmen stormed the headquarters of Somalia's education ministry in Mogadishu.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack, a spokesman says.
Arizona police chief says officer's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect was justified.
Video of the incident shows one of the cars running into a suspect with who had a rifle.
Mario Valencia, 36, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of multiple counts in the Boston Marathon bombing.
David Frum: With the luxury of some time and healing, the city has moved on.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.
The battle with Al-Shabaab is not a new one, and every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable.
Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory.
Sen. Rand Paul announced he will run for president in Louisville, Kentucky.
In Chicago, voters will head to the polls in a surprising runoff.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two opponents.
The gold reward would be worth about $774,000.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday.
The new law will take effect in six months.
Hawaii's legislature passes a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.
Thirty-six U.S. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older.
As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed.
As with all things relating to the monarchy, there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive.
The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status.
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds.
The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low"
The virus doesn't like warm weather or strong sunlight.
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging along with 13 members of his group.
The sentences will be appealed.
They were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters.
Spotters report a tornado about 6 miles northwest of Goddard.
A tornado may have touched down in the small town of Potosi, Missouri.
The "religious freedom" bills recently passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard.
The politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses, including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
Chase didn't reveal whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
Arias expressed remorse for her actions.
A study by We the People found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed.
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
James Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
The U.S. is failing its partners, says David Rothkopf.
He says the United States is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises.
The United States also is failing to develop long-term programs of record, he says.
The EPA is investigating whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort.
The use of methyl bromide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Jeffrey Dahmer.
Scarver said Dahmer's creepy sense of humor included turning prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home.
She escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam.
Sitoula's husband Mahendra says he called out for help for hours after the quake.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children.
Lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium's storytelling power.
The Rolling Stone article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia was published.
Julian Zelizer: There are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action.
He says the identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"
The 92-year-old died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
For the fifth year in a row in 2014, ambush attacks on police officers were the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths.
Google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata.
An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel.
"The Meatrix: Relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement.
Food Policy Action has produced a legislative scorecard.
"What Pet Should I Get?" debuts July 28.
It will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990.
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls Iran's nuclear deal a historic mistake.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran.
He took his case to the U.S. Congress last month over the objections of President Barack Obama.
Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth: Bobby Drake is gay.
The character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the 'X-Men' films.
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases of HIV in Indiana.
The increase has been linked to injection drug use.
David Frum: U.S.-Iranian relationship is "overmatched"
He says Iran is making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power.
Frum: Iran's way back into the global economy is as a result of the issue that made it a pariah.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder Wednesday.
Jurors listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence.
Hernandez could face three more trials, one criminal and two civil actions.
Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
The ramp agent appeared to be in OK after the ordeal.
Frida Ghitis: NPR's "Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians"
Ghitis: It's time to call this persistent meme what it is: a misleading, hyperbolic and dangerous distraction.
She says Asian businesses have been actively targeted out of racial animus.
Michelle Keegan is best known for her roles on the BBC series "Ordinary Lies"
Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack.
Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to "Zoolander 2"
Ben Stiller announced the news on social media.
The film is scheduled for release in February 2016.
Boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday.
The so-called "Fight of the Century" just reinforces the sport's problems.
Many people who feel no temptation to watch Internet snuff feel sorely tempted to watch a big fight.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
The FBI is investigating.
Al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January.
The deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al Qaeda's bench of leaders.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Hicks turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
The next week, he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder.
Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women’s rights by the Taliban and tribal warlords.
For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series.
The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets.
They found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble.
The tiny settlement of Tristan da Cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future.
The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable.
Tristan is the largest land mass and the only one to house people.
Jay Z took to Twitter to defend his new music streaming service, Tidal.
He launched the subscription-based music service last month.
Less than a month after its debut, there's been chatter that the service is underwhelming.
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942.
The vessel went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it.
At today's rates, 100 tons of silver would be worth about $50 million.
Investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews are finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students.
The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers remained where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
Evidence of what had happened at the dormitory was everywhere.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
Julian Zelizer: Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law.
He says the law of service of process has evolved this way.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis.
The Houthis are the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen.
Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012.
The increase is driven largely by women's drinking habits as social norms change.
About 88,600 U.S. deaths were attributed to alcohol in 2010.
World's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week, which boasts an $8 million budget.
Vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting the event in 2000.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots"
Ruben Navarrette: Gates missed an opportunity to address slavery's past to America's present.
He says Gates should have shown the courage to stay in an uncomfortable place.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House.
The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese, who view nuclear energy as too dangerous.
U.S. housing agency says 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing.
HUD is working with local partners across the country to do just that.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say.
The scheme came to light after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November.
A Somali woman is one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside Tripoli.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
The tragedy has prompted questions about the growing migrant crisis facing Europe.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops.
Lee Min-bok is still sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons.
"The regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God," says Lee.
North Korea fired on balloons last October and South Korea returned fire.
NEW: Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations.
NEW: Protesters gather in Union Square for "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Protesters chant "Black Lives Matter" and "Justice for Freddie Gray" in Washington.
Violent protests took place in Ferguson, Missouri, where three people were shot.
A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days.
The cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king.
Many immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis.
The new "Star Wars" is due out December 18.
The trailer ended in a big way.
There's less CGI than in the prequels.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway.
Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
Scott, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely.
Full screening of airport employees would not lower overall risk to the public, report says.
Full physical screening of employees is incapable of determining a person's motivations.
Only two major airports in the U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announced immediate actions.
At least four people are missing after a severe storm capsized sailboats in Mobile Bay, Alabama.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, 88, died Thursday, his family says.
Schuller was the founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch.
He was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos.
Four workers died in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of Mexico.
Authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started.
Valerie Braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris.
"Today we all share the same pain," Braham says to the assembled crowd.
A New York Police Department detective apologizes for an angry exchange with an Uber driver.
Patrick Cherry faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance.
The incident was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing.
The ship survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on the '70s sitcom "The Partridge Family"
She died Monday at home in Laughlin, Nevada.
Four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday.
The splendor of such a scene can render us speechless, even emotional.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signed a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure.
The law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion"
Supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warned it was dangerous.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year.
Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
More than 300 suspects have been arrested in South Africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
The attacks killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
The ISIS terrorist group claims responsibility for the attack.
The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Nick Paton Walsh says.
Muhammadu Buhari says he will fight corruption and go after the root of unrest.
Buhari defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about 2 million votes.
The win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy.
Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, was devastated by the earthquake.
Survivors gathered wherever they could find open space.
The Kasthamandap temple had caved in.
A Beijing-backed election proposal tabled Wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto.
If approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
The 75-second video clip was seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest.
Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for "poor choice of words"
Harrison said he meant no disrespect to Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky.
Kaminsky said Sunday that he was "over it"
A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
A predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions are removed, Rouhani says.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's not certain it will become binding because it isn't final.
U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz estimates it would take six months after a final deal is signed.
Oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead for 87 straight days.
The federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf.
BP is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the bombings.
The death penalty is on the table.
Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Six police officers were suspended in the wake of Gray's death.
A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol for several hours Saturday was a suicide, police say.
An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself.
Witnesses told CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa.
This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks.
Many South Africans used Twitter to denounce the recent violence.
Frida Ghitis: Italy will always be a bridge between Africa and Europe.
She says migrants traversing the Mediterranean form part of a century-long chain of migrations.
Ghitis: Libya is an example of the long reach of Italian imperialism.
Fritz Bauer tried 22 former Nazi SS soldiers at Auschwitz in what remains the most famous Holocaust trial staged in Germany.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video is filled with women working in their gardens, taking care of their kids.
Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present.
The challenge for Clinton is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters.
Tulsa County deputy who shot and killed a man now faces a manslaughter charge.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence.
Harris' family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer says the show will return for a fifth season.
The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack.
Irwin Horwitz says he has reached a breaking point.
He says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues.
University officials say they will not necessarily stand by the failing grades.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, officials say.
No arrests have been made.
Saudi Arabia's navy controls all Yemeni ports, allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade.
The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal.
Airstrikes that hit the Al-Mazraq camp for displaced persons near Sanaa killed at least 29 people.
Turkish archaeologists found a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross.
The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
Nepal's neighbor India deploys teams to Kathmandu almost immediately.
Iran and six world powers to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action"
The agreement paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities.
The stakes are high and the choice is clear for President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression.
The grandmother of two was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south.
Women make up barely 24% of Egypt's workforce, according to the World Bank.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday.
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks.
India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned the bail release on Friday.
Katie Donovan and Dalton Prager met on Facebook.
Dalton has Burkholderia cepacia, a horribly dangerous infection for people with CF.
Katie relied on Medicaid, public insurance that was supplied by her home state of Kentucky.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track.
The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour.
Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed for a planned route between Tokyo and Nagoya.
Lois Lilienstein was co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
The Canadian variety show was best known for songs like "Skinnamarink" and "Peanut Butter"
Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis.
One cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours.
India produced 40 million bales of the fiber in 2013/14 crop year.
Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denies that his unit caused any delay.
Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school on April 2.
The Large Hadron Collider is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second.
Scientists hope to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang"
An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf.
The incident has raised concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails.
That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides.
The Nebraska native, 35, is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit.
Baltimore police commissioner says no reports will be made public.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she doesn't want to "seek justice for optics"
The Gray family's legal team had no expectations otherwise.
DC Super Hero Girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12.
The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
Jonty Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture.
His "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret"
Hurwitz works with a team of nanotechnology engineers at Karlsruhe University.
Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24.
Lubitz's case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides.
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in Goa.
She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police say.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman -- is still at large.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness.
Bruce Jenner is on the cover of Vanity Fair, along with a new name: Caitlyn.
Transgender people have long been misunderstood and persecuted.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison.
The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics.
Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use.
The figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier.
CNN's David Frum and his crew traveled to Aden to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
They were met by noise and desperation, shoving and shouting.
The refugees were being charged $300 a person: An "exit fee"
Italy estimates up to 200,000 migrants in Libya are waiting to cross.
EU critics called for much tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey.
Australia's immigration policy has been chiefly designed as a deterrent.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to federal charges.
He allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans.
Mohamud was remanded into custody on Friday.
Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness"
The original scene was one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film.
President Barack Obama meets with his Cuban counterpart Raul Castro for an hour.
The meeting comes as the two countries work to end the Cold War enmity.
A key stumbling block -- Cuba's place on the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terror -- remains unresolved.
Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since 1979.
A top Iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events.
The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year.
Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad"
David Ayer is directing the feature.
The story tells of imprisoned villains recruited by a government agency.
Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of Satyam Computers Services, is also fined $804,000.
In 2009, the company was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case.
The case has been compared to the 2001 Enron Corp. scandal.
A complete skeleton of a camel has been found beneath a cellar in Austria.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of Tulln.
Experts say it would be impossible to say how it got into the city.
Taylor Swift says her mother has cancer.
The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
She was on a plane to head east when an airline employee asked her how she was doing.
Alaska Airlines apologized to Sedway "for the disruption this has caused"
Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind.
The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60.
There is no cure for either disease.
Hillary Clinton launched a long communications campaign to "rebrand" herself.
Ruben Navarrette: From a marketing perspective, her launch may have been much more successful than critics think.
Davion Navar Henry Only was 16 when he asked a church to help him find a forever parent.
The older he got, the less likely it was that he would be adopted.
A video of his plea went viral.
"Full House" co-star John Stamos says Netflix has ordered a reunion special.
The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as D.J. Tanner, the recently widowed mother of three boys.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters.
He was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990.
The cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014.
The 117 migrants arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday.
They were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend.
Since 2000, almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the Mediterranean.
Americans of color are disproportionately burdened by the failures of our justice system.
Americans spend over a quarter of a trillion dollars each year to keep millions of nonviolent, low-level offenders imprisoned.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
"I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm," Netanyahu says.
Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran.
Ronen Ziv's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu.
He had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother.
Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children.
A suicide bomber kills 17 people and wounds dozens more, police say.
An Afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded.
The Taliban denies its group is responsible for the attack.
Saudi Arabia executes a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta.
Indonesia is facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row.
Human Rights Watch calls on Widodo to suspend all planned executions in Indonesia.
The shootings were connected, authorities say.
The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world.
Monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
Italy doesn't know how to exploit this treasure.
The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, says WWF report.
The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a WWF report released Thursday, Reviving the Ocean Economy.
Iran's President hails the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program.
Hassan Rouhani says his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal.
The deal sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a June 30 deadline.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week.
Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.
She is not allowed Internet access in prison.
Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
"The Dark Knight Returns" was published in 1986.
The third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda.
Gadahn was one of its most prominent members.
One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack.
A 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, are making their debut album.
The sisters were born in Mogadishu but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991.
They are now embarking on a musical journey, gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition.
The teens' mother, Theresa Devine, was treated at a hospital and released, and is in occupational therapy.
Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects.
Koch Industries will remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions.
The decision is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records.
Corinthian Colleges Inc. will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses.
Dean Obeidallah: For-profit colleges account for nearly half of all student loan defaults.
He says the for-profit college business is a multibillion-dollar industry.
Online activity has fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.
Jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore.
The biggest jailer of journalists in the world is China.
Greenpeace activists scale a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic.
The rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle.
Greenpeace is furious over a decision last week by U.S. authorities to lift the suspensions on leases to drill.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev will leave the show at the end of this season.
Fans were upset that Dobrev's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement to the relationship.
Dobrev urged fans to hold on through the show's finale next month.
The sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
The fires were started in southeastern Siberia.
Kim Jong Un will visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations.
This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago.
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home.
Yarmouk camp on the outskirts of Damascus has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
Two weeks ago ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk, and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before.
Most of those fighting on all sides are Palestinians.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun.
There are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone.
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" producers unveil a nearly two-minute trailer.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walks what she says was her last fashion-show runway.
A new book explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters to shame people.
Les Moonves is the president and CEO of CBS Corp., which includes Showtime.
Moonves' waiter, Gabriel Salvador, offered Moonves an "in" to the most coveted match-up in boxing.
The May 2 fight is expected to gross as much as $600 million.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder.
The remains were found Saturday in Cambridge.
Kanye West settles lawsuit with paparazzi photographer he assaulted.
Photographer Daniel Ramos had filed the civil suit against West.
West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week.
Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
President Barack Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became president.
Ruben Navarrette: Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal.
He says the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial.
Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire"
Blackwater said its convoy came under attack, and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated.
Michael Slager was arrested after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The incident raises broad, troubling questions about how often such incidents take place.
There are multiple reasons the law has been ignored.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" to refer to the Armenian genocide.
Turkey recalled its Vatican ambassador for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments.
Francis has helped broker a backroom detente between the United States and Cuba.
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago.
Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations"
Armenians are equally upset, when Turkey protests it.
Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks have been released.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March.
TV5Monde's 11 channels went black late Wednesday due to an "extremely powerful cyberattack"
The network also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing.
She recalled the force of the blast that killed three people and injured over 200 that April day in 2013.
Her husband, Adam Davis, has since "bravely admitted himself into a mental facility at the VA hospital"
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s.
It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
"Funk" logs a 13th week atop the Digital Songs chart with 165,000 downloads sold.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone.
Migrants have been arriving on Italy's islands for more than a decade.
Italy has been sanctioned by the European Union for not fingerprinting new arrivals.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
He's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Organizers say this year, public interest is especially strong.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust.
Sally Kohn: Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem, even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims.
Kohn: The solution lies in understanding autism and related conditions as part of human diversity.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala.
The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages.
A court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors.
The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par.
Spieth is the second-youngest winner -- behind only Woods, who was 155 days younger that year.
American player Michael Chang was 118 days younger than Becker when he won the French Open.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public.
The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox.
A doubleheader scheduled for May 28 following unrest in Baltimore remains tense.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress.
David Frum: Abe's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month's speech to Congress by Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu.
He says the immediate battle in Congress is not over the TPP directly, but something called trade promotion authority.
U.S. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases.
But it is how Washington wants this to be.
They are near Jalalabad, at a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force.
President Obama and Raul Castro met Friday night at a dinner for Latin American leaders.
The two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years.
Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the United States' list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president.
She says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
Warren says she has watched both Ted Cruz and Rand Paul vote in Congress.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
She is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings.
The project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
Community leaders say it was also spurred by lasting issues with young African-Americans in the city.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," Obama says.
Iran's foreign minister says "mutual mistrust" had been a serious problem in the talks.
The deal would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98%.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Court documents allege that Baltimore Police Department Officer Garrett Miller arrested Gray after finding a switchblade.
Kim Bok-dong was a sex slave of the Japanese army from 1940 onwards.
She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do.
"My only wish is to set the record straight about the past. Before I die," Kim says.
Several of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law.
Christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time.
The film's climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex, less rote ways.
Linda Thompson says she would not have married Bruce Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"
The two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion.
Thompson says she forgives Jenner for those years.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office.
Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003.
The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday.
Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day"
April 25 is the perfect date to quote "Miss Congeniality"
October 3 is "Mean Girls Day"
ISIS fighters seize several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks.
Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months.
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into physical altercations with police.
Some got into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators threw objects.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.
Remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the USS Oklahoma at Pearl Harbor will be exhumed.
The hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and Marines can be identified.
Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist.
The journalist started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs and "dark periods" of addiction and jail time.
Peter Bergen: What the video shows is a movie star with a bullying streak.
Toya Graham pulled her son away from the scene of a riot.
Many called her a hero: a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges China to release five young feminists.
They face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The detention of Wei Tingting has drawn harsh criticism from the international community.
The NFL draft begins on April 30.
The New England Patriots are awaiting the results of the "Deflategate" investigation.
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots.
Malala Yousafzai released an "open letter" to the girls Monday.
The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban.
She calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls.
French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out.
Sawyer Sweeten was 19 when he committed suicide, his sister says.
He was best known for his role Geoffrey Barone on "Everybody Loves Raymond"
Consumer Reports analyzed 70 million passenger trips over the past two years.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million.
JetBlue offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky by Thursday afternoon.
Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers.
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad.
April marks a decade on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Malala Yousafzai.
The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
The Atlanta Hawks guard/forward suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.
He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested last week after leaving a nightclub in New York.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala.
The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
It came the same night the third season of Schumer's hit show premiered on Comedy Central.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
Of the 131 cases, the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients.
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon.
Ghitis: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy or credibility of our law enforcement.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
"This is news for celebration," says CNN counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd.
We share an unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change.
We believe that President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013.
Swangard joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications.
The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in California and around the nation.
Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker.
Carlsberg City will be some 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space.
The area won "Best Master Plan" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009.
The new trailer for "Jurassic World" came out Monday morning.
It features even more of star Chris Pratt.
"Grace of Monaco" is heading straight to Lifetime.
The critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
It will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25.
Fatu Kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia.
Kekula has asked for special training on certain skills, such as caring for burns.
She is scheduled to return to Liberia in August.
New calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software.
Technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
Pilots' groups point to numerous instances where a pilot's training and perhaps unconventional thinking actually saved lives.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate.
Shibuya ward approves "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples.
Same-sex partners who are registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals.
Supporters of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says.
The bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal.
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East.
A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued from Friday to Monday.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts.
Consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
Some businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city.
Some businesses outside the major protest zones stayed open to be a resource for the community.
Baltimore residents were coming by to see whether they could volunteer and offer their support.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon.
They pay homage to the '80s on stage and homage to their heritage in an ironic way.
The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence also signed a 30-day executive order that allows for a needle exchange.
Acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines, reduces pain.
The authors of the study say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain.
The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "American Sniper"
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie.
Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle.
ISIS is using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq.
Iraqi government struggles to regain support of Sunnis in its fight against ISIS.
"Daredevil" streamed its entire first season on Netflix on Friday morning.
Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock.
Early risers on Twitter praised the show as well.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.
The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Joel Burger and Ashley King will marry in July.
Burger King will pay for their whole wedding.
A man and a woman have been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel.
The suspected target was a race planned for Friday.
Police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show.
Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail.
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria.
ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front took control of 90% of the camp in southern Damascus.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency urges humanitarian aid access.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing semi-pro player Odin Lloyd less than a mile from his home.
The prosecution portrays Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
Prosecutors say Hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated the killing to settle the score.
A mom is seen pulling her son away from a crowd and screaming at him.
The boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie, with a dark backpack on.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone.
The good news? The sides are still talking.
Freddie Gray, 25, died in police custody 15 days ago.
His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage.
Hundreds of protesters peacefully rallied on the streets of Baltimore on Saturday.
A section of a fiberglass boat has been towed into harbor.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan.
Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council.
Three of the six council members are black.
Ferguson has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination.
Elizabeth Warren has publicly criticized so-called "fast track" trade authority.
Obama has argued with the progressive potentate, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
Hillary Clinton is trying to walk a fine line somewhere in the middle.
Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack.
The attacks come as the military announced a reshuffle of several senior military positions.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups.
Julian Zelizer: The "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears.
He says the left has the potential to win the battle but not the war.
"This crime has rightly caused outrage," Nigeria's president-elect says.
The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014.
They were between 16 and 18 years old.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks.
One lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures.
In Ravi Opi, a small village community, 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable.
Dr. David Rothkopf: Girl Scout cookies are a dangerous nutrition message.
He says there is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar, white flour, GMOs, and trans fats.
Residency review committees require internists, family physicians or cardiologists to learn nutrition.
A reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect.
The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force.
SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft.
The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds of supplies.
Easter is unique on the Christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year.
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday.
Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.
John Avlon: Not all "warrants" are created equal.
Boston prosecutors release video of the shooting of a police officer last month.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
Angelo West, the gunman shot to death by officers, was black.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size.
Officials from Malaysia, Australia and China announced Thursday that the search will stretch into a new area.
The size of the doubled search area would be bigger than the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
There are some people who blame President Barack Obama for racial tension in America.
Some people blame the violence began when rioters threw bricks at police, not when a city's Police Department began terrorizing its residents.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
The terrorist group has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia.
Liberland is the world's newest micronation.
It is founded on the birthday of the American founding father.
Its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
Africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent.
Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors.
In spite of mainstream brand's dominance, smaller home-grown labels also see the growth in appetite for luxury goods as a valuable opportunity.
CF-18 Hornets strike near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa.
Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's advances.
A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster.
His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday, April 25.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch.
The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse.
Watches in the eastern half of North America caught only a partial eclipse.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday.
"Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart.
Kenya freezes dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Kenyans mourned the victims of the attack at Nairobi's Uhuru Park.
Jia Jiang is writing a book about overcoming his fear of rejection.
His book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Jiang started the project after quitting his six-figure job to follow his dreams.
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly.
Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015.
Rosberg has yet to climb onto the top step of the podium.
Australia's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
Indonesia's President Joko Widodo will argue that he was politically bound to allow the executions.
Australia will also need to work together behind the scenes at the operational levels.
Attorney General Eric Holder says prostitution "threatens the core mission of the department"
Holder doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo.
UNICEF releases a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods"
It also launches a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood.
More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence, UNICEF says.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the FDA.
The suit argues that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
E! will air a new documentary series this summer about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female.
The as yet not titled eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26.
Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
The International Organization for Migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress.
Authorities still don't know the fate of many of the passengers, including children.
The sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
The tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes.
Nepalese authorities are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected.
Miami-Dade police set up a hidden camera inside a plane at Miami International Airport.
Airport workers are supposed to get bags safely onto planes.
Luggage theft could definitely lead to more serious problems, police chief says.
Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members.
The change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency"
IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics"
Ron Lane was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program.
He was let go from the program in early March due to poor attendance, college president says.
A New Jersey auction house removes items from its April 17 event.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted in the sale.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
The Sunni Islamist militant group steamrolled into Iraq's north last summer.
Some fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown.
They say the "ugly" likeness does not do justice to the "I Love Lucy" star.
The statue has been a tourist draw since 2009 for Celoron, the comedian's birthplace.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs.
The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year.
Rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album had flopped in the charts.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
A handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe.
There have been stories of survival, of families reconnecting with loved ones days after the disaster.
Thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir.
"There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage at CNN.
She has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
A number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies.
Hillary Clinton has had a fairly smooth opening but during her first week on the trail, she did make a minor mistake.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.
The university didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws.
Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
The U.S. is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations, says David Frum.
Frum: It is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
Eco-friendly car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts.
In Zaria, a city in northern Nigeria, a team of students are currently applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2"
The students used locally available materials to build the vehicle, and even included recycled electrical components in the engine.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting emerge.
Richard Dysart played the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick, long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law"
Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she understands where the protesters are coming from.
In 1865, Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
Over 600,000 Americans -- Northerners and Southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody Civil War.
The myth-making about Appomattox started from the moment Lee left the courthouse on his horse to travel to Richmond.
A Syrian smuggler says he paid $6,500 for his crew to reach a smuggling point in Turkey.
The smuggler said the money would be released to the smuggler if he changed his mind.
"I dreamed of being a human being who is treated like one," he says.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations.
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday.
Indonesia had originally announced that nine prisoners would be executed.
Twenty years ago, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
David Frum: The bombing exposed something new: American citizens targeting their own government.
He says the 9/11 attacks simply shifted attention away from the extreme right.
A mom wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children.
The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters, Honey Lemon and GoGo.
A licensing manager for Springs Creative responded that the company has found that boys don't want girl characters on their things.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people.
Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies.
The exact cause of Friday's blast is under investigation.
Hillary Clinton is about to get her first official challenger.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days.
Joe Biden is still looking at the race.
The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s.
Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots.
Roxy Walsh was snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali when she spotted something special.
Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny.
When she returned home to Palm Beach, Australia, Walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner.
A U.N. official says the boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship.
Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily.
The sinking is the deadliest known disaster involving migrants crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
It's not quite Easter yet in the Holy Land for Eastern Orthodox Christians.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving.
In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake, the land mass of India has been pushed about 12 feet into Nepal.
The issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday.
The Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
The emails were discovered during a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice.
The emails make offensive references to President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama as well as Muslims and minorities.
A new study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera.
O.C. Marsh first named the dinosaur in 1879.
The number of sacral vertebrae is related to age.
Comedian Chris Rock posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole.
Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. died Friday night in a car crash, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman says.
Burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup.
He was not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members, including Van Zant.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto captures crumbling buildings in Cuba.
Many Cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling.
Sandretto: "It creates a whole community, even if neighbors really don't like each other"
Freddie Gray died one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
A 1,850-acre wildfire has burned nearly 2,000 acres in Miami-Dade County.
High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread.
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles west of Baghdad.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting against ISIS.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media.
Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.
Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.
Authors: The debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose"
Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
An experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain.
The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May.
More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak.
Amnesty International India calls for an independent investigation of the killings.
The incident took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state.
Police say sandalwood smuggling is common in the area.
Alfred Taubman helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls.
Taubman was renowned for his attention to detail, knowledge of design and for developing some of the best-known malls in the United States.
Jason Rezaian has sat in jail in Iran for nearly nine months.
He was arrested in July on unspecified allegations.
The Iranian-American will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice said.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub.
Two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested.
The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said, but were arrested on obstruction and other charges.
Charles Alasholuyi is one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014.
He has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag.
The father-of-three has also appealed to his government to fight the violence imposed by Boko Haram.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday.
The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that he disciplined his son.
Peterson played in one game last season, a 35-6 win against St. Louis in September.
Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last.
Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary.
The band will play with a new drummer.
Norwegians will be the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million.
Yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers.
Tiger Woods, Adam Scott, and Jordan Spieth all won the Masters.
Yoga-based moves address the key areas of the swing.
Sammy Griner, 8, is the Internet's most famous baby.
His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant.
The family doesn't know when a kidney might become available.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move.
The boys, 16 and 14, were in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital on Saturday.
John Travolta is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
The HBO documentary is based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief"
Larry Johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the SkyWest Airlines flight.
"I thought we were done," he says.
The FAA initially reported a pressurization problem with SkyWest Flight 5622.
The Senate passes a Medicare reform bill 92 to 8.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix"
The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party.
Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering.
President Dilma Rousseff has not been implicated in the investigation.
"Furious 7" earned a record $146 million over the weekend.
The film's producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period.
He took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic.
The project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event"
The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film.
"It's Not A Dream" has reunited members of 54 Cambodian families shattered by the genocide.
"The scars of the Khmer Rouge are very deep and physical and present in modern Cambodia," says a human rights lawyer.
The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
The probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years.
It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30.
Pope Francis calls for violence everywhere to end.
He also wishes for peace in Ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there.
Jae Rockwell, founder of her local women's fitness groups, Women RUN the World, posted this mantra.
Annastasia W., who's training for her first Ironman half-triathlon this summer, suggested a group brick workout at our local gym.
"Game of Thrones" returns Sunday.
It's the most high-profile premiere yet.
The show is currently set to end after seven years.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012.
Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months.
Miracles do happen, though, and not just in Hollywood.
Many of these types of stories end sadly, with a sailor dying at sea.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee charged in plot to kill former inmate.
FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
The three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted.
Gunmen attack the Garissa University College in Kenya.
Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility.
The terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region.
Bishop Robert Finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse.
He was put on two years' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine.
Finn kept his job as bishop, even after his 2012 conviction.
This week is the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide.
President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Turkey denies this history.
Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America.
Retail sales more than doubled last year.
Fireball is basically made from Canadian whisky, aged in used bourbon barrels.
Betty Whitehead Willis was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
She died over the weekend at 91.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.
In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
As he fought the Nazis in World War II, his family fled.
This year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
His family asked that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Upright was a staunch Republican.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
He was convicted of killing two men but always said he was innocent.
The state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered.
The five activists were released from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing.
They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats.
The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems.
Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria.
Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas, is the only public site in the world where anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them.
The park's 37.5-acre search field is named for an ancient eruption that scattered the area with gems.
Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January.
His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request.
The deadly incident occurred about 11 miles south of downtown Los Angeles on January 29.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13.
Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning.
Al-Shabaab warns that more carnage is coming as it promises "another bloodbath" in Kenya.
Kenyatta condemns "corruption of the worst and most criminal kind"
Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped perform a craniotomy on a young patient.
The girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood.
"She was badly crushed. The roof of the house was on her," her grandfather says.
"Star Wars" comes to digital HD on Friday.
The collection of the first six movies will also include many special features.
One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda, his wife says.
Weinstein was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan.
He was a husband, father and grandfather from Rockville, Maryland.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan.
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting Monday in the southeastern town of Negur.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack.
ISIS operatives execute two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, in Libya.
The Ethiopian government confirmed Monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups.
In February, ISIS released a video of 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt being executed on a Libyan beach.
The body of a young girl who may have been dead for weeks has led to the arrest of her teen sister.
The girls' parents may be in California with five other children, police say.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast.
It has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in April last year.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing in 2005.
He left behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account.
His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
He said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead.
"Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Bates said in a video of the shooting.
"I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this," says Rebekah Gregory.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon in 2013.
Film critic Richard Corliss died Thursday night in New York City.
He was 71.
Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies and penned many Time cover stories.
The airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa.
The strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted.
On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm.
Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law.
The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce.
Santorum is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016.
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online.
We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless.
P!nk's response rally her fans, but they also started sharing their own photos.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, is charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
He was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Zhou was expelled from the Communist Party and arrested last December.
A quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
The person responsible is the man's mother, who on Sunday faced a host of charges.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
Over 65 million people, or 20% of the country, have criminal records.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal.
But the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy.
There is good reason for Obama to avoid calling this a treaty.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal.
They are struggling in the aftermath of the disaster.
One CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground.
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the.30-30 rifle.
Walmart says the store clerk acted appropriately, even using a code to alert security to call police.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw a tree.
Warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver.
"I just did what anyone would do, went right back to work," Warnock says.
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that has been viewed more than 1 million times.
The gorilla -- named Kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it.
Photographer Laurence Rasti flew to Turkey to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran.
She hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "temporarily stolen"
Despite their status, the refugees are still full of hope and love despite their rough lives.
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband.
She's now carrying the third child of her attacker, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo"
The most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks.
In 2015, YouTube is investing in "YouTube Spaces"
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.
The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year.
The "push factor" is much greater than the "pull" of Europe, migration expert says.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues.
The company's opposition to the religious freedom law once again puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
Frida Ghitis: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith.
She says he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled.
Ghitis: If Pope does not judge, then who will tell us who is a sinner and who is not?
Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.
The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband are still happily together.
Letourneau gave birth to her lover's child and served more than seven years in prison.
ABC's "20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple on Friday.
Percy Sledge died of natural causes, a coroner says.
He had been in hospice care for cancer.
Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her"
Erika Langhart was 24 when she collapsed on the floor of her Phoenix apartment.
Her parents say the NuvaRing was a risk factor for her multiple pulmonary embolisms.
Less than a year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life.
New NYPD training materials are submitted to a federal judge for approval.
They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
The NYPD has said the policy was used to deter crime.
Misao Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
David Frum: Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan.
He says EPA's modeling is divorced from reality.
Frum: EPA is assuming legislative powers and is making policy choices that favor some forms of carbon-free energy.
Italian authorities say they have launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation"
They are going after suspects associated with al Qaeda.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011.
Huntley High School's blended learning program merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting.
One-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled.
Blended learning allows teachers to write the curriculum, with students giving feedback about the focus.
Nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health.
The epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, where the majority of Nepal's citizens reside.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after his arrest.
Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down.
#RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March.
"He represents the former colonial representation of this country," says Ramabina Mahapa.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S.
Win or lose, this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder.
Amnesty International says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year.
At least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the sentence last year.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year.
The biggest unknown is what happens next, now that the initial rumbles of the quake have passed.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani says his jets have never come across any UFOs from outer space.
Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism.
Fethiye Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
Cetin tells her story in an evocative memoir titled "My Grandmother"
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products.
Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise of synthetic marijuana usage.
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing.
The film is being produced by CBS Films.
Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb met at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner.
Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia.
O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor.
Mary Jane Veloso was put to death by firing squad early Wednesday.
Her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison.
Veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia.
71 people are sentenced to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob.
Some blamed the church and other attacks on supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Bill and Denise Richard are urging the Justice Department to bring the case to a close.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the bombings at the 2013 race.
The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday, the Turkish military says.
The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013.
It didn't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into Syria.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
There is something you can do to make an impact.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night.
Eric Church & Keith Urban provided an opening wallop.
Taylor Swift was heating up the audience by singing and swaying along to country staples.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Hernandez appeared to shake his head "no" as jurors in the Massachusetts trial found him guilty of first-degree murder.
"They got it wrong," Hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse to a state prison.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.
The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies, which could be utilized in future, manned expeditions to the moon, or even Mars.
William Melendez, 49, is accused of beating a motorist during a traffic stop.
He's the former police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist.
On Wednesday, drug charges against Dent were formally dropped.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet Earth.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies.
Jeffrey Toobin: FedEx is the new defendant in the war on drugs.
He says the company maintains that it is innocent.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business two years ago.
They were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay.
But people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana.
Kenyan citizens use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Sweden grants 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income.
The more days that parents share the leave equally, they get a bonus that could total up to 1,500 euros.
Sweden also created a "gender equality bonus"
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Iranians celebrate a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers.
The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran.
This Holy Week we are calling upon Christians to reflect upon the crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking.
Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build lie in ashes between the Tigris and the Euphrates.
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.
India successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around Mars last year.
Modi has issued his call to "Make in India," encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in India.
World Happiness Report: People who live in happiest countries have longer life expectancies.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015.
Explore South Iceland, where many of the ancient tales -- called sagas -- are remembered.
In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
The problem is so worrisome for the Army that recruiters have become fitness coaches.
More than one-third of U.S. adults are obese.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials.
He is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub.
Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment.
Mohamed Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya," ministry says.
Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years.
Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for the attack.
Officials are trying to track down vacationers who may have been exposed to a deadly pesticide.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The governor of the Virgin Islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013.
Sofia Vergara and businessman Nick Loeb split in May 2014.
Loeb is suing the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos.
Court papers allege the couple created the embryos while they were engaged.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces a firestorm from critics.
Critics say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to Anbar province.
The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
Many don't want to talk, at least not for long. What they just went through is too raw, too painful.
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
Police stressed that they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
Americans on the no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights.
The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge.
Two men have been charged in the beating of a man.
The beating may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown.
Five nursing students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah.
The women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities.
They had planned for International Women's Day on March 8.
Selena's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment"
Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology, her sister says.
Mitchelle Angela Blair was arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two of her children inside a freezer.
Blair was arraigned this week on murder and torture charges.
Wang Pingan was cycling around China for 460 days when he was robbed.
The bike was stolen from a road junction "infested" by cycle thieves.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
The FBI is often successful, but every once in a while, the suspects get away.
These are the FBI's most-wanted domestic terrorist fugitives.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults.
The concept is taking off in the U.S. too, with the publication of titles like "Color Me Calm"
The therapeutic benefits of art are nothing new; it's a concept that practitioners use with patients of all ages.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director.
The film is set in a besmirched and decaying Detroit.
Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project.
Chinese nuclear experts say Pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
Peter Bergen: The key takeaway from the latest assessment of North Korea's nuclear capability is not the actual number of warheads.
ESPN suspends reporter Britt McHenry for a week.
McHenry posted an apology on Twitter.
She is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months.
Jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield.
Their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy.
"Thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, the Rev. Jamal Bryant says.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "These are children who have been set aside, marginalized"
Baltimore native Kevin Shird: "I don't see a 16- or 17-year-old as a thug"
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for president.
Julian Zelizer: The mononymity doesn't seem to be unwelcome.
He says calling Clinton by her first name serves to reinforce gender and workplace stereotypes.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Apocalypse"
The movie is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Munn is repped by Creative Artists Agency and Atlas Artists.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was arrested as he returned to Britain from Turkey.
He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal two days ago surged past 3,000.
The desperate search for survivors from the country's worst natural disaster in more than 80 years continued.
Many of the city's centuries-old buildings have been toppled.
Celoron, New York, mayor offers to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue.
The bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "Walking Dead" zombie.
A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region.
On Thursday, Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden.
Charlie Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
Hill, now 65, may extradite himself first, saying the warming of relations between the United States and Cuba could mean an end to what he calls his "exile"
"I am not a cop killer. I am a freedom fighter," Hill said.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature.
Gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest, after years of research and development.
The house was built with a grant from the EU, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts Gutai has written about extensively.
In the centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign, our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance.
The Great War itself was divisive, a historical reality belied by today's bland, blanket coverage of "the Anzac spirit"
Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner"
The late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, also hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy"
The sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski.
The project is now looking to shoot this fall, likely in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano are among the notables.
Erica Kinsman has accused star football player Jameis Winston of rape.
Kinsman says Winston raped her in December 2012.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
Crombie co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies.
The movies were carried in the United States by the Disney Channel and PBS.
The Apple tablet had all the personal touches.
The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Graffiti written in a French chalk quarry dates back almost 100 years.
The soldiers were World War I soldiers, four of almost 2,000.
Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking"
"Furious 7" hits theaters Friday.
There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category.
The cast includes Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Tyrese Gibson.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday.
It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
Kenyan security forces retaliated with an offensive across the border into Somalia.
Marleni Olivo, 54, threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit, just above the left ear.
Olivo says she had no evil intent.
The Palestinian Authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court.
It gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line.
The ads will be featured in the company's stores, on television, in print and on billboards.
CNN's John Sutter will be covering climate change for the rest of the year.
He's calling the effort "2 degrees"
You can vote on the first story I'll report for the series until 5 p.m. ET Monday.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's series "Treesome" reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia.
Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
Aftershocks continue to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside.
"They were large, they were massive avalanches," says Jon Reiter, an American mountaineer.
The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot.
Aid agencies need to do something very quickly, says Nepalese official.
The situation in Melamchi and the surrounding villages is "dire," he says.
Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
The bill's authors say it's never been used in an execution in the United States.
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan.
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she said.
The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested.
Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia.
The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Andrew Lesnie was an Oscar-winning cinematographer.
He worked with Peter Jackson on the six "Lord of the Rings"and "Hobbit" films.
Anthony Ray Hinton says he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers"
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers.
He was 29 at the time of the killings and had always maintained his innocence.
Patrick Dempsey's character, Dr. Derek Shepherd, died Thursday.
Dempsey still has a year left on his contract.
"Grey's Anatomy" still does well in the ratings.
A massive brawl involving two dozen people at a Queens, New York, casino was captured on video.
The cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene.
David Frum: Tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people.
He says the once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans.
Frum: Tax laws are biased against two-worker marriages; taxes go up when two relatively equal earners marry.
Video shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp.
At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing.
The Khumbu Icefall has been ravaged by a series of aftershocks.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen.
It says many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon.
The U.N. Security Council meets late Saturday morning to discuss the situation.
Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification.
It can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation.
Laser seeding can also trigger lightning.
Duke University students and faculty members march after a noose was found hanging from a tree.
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Beatriz Paez says she was terrified when a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone.
Paez is also considering a lawsuit.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver beats teammate Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
Rosberg will start in third after Sebastian Vettel won Malaysian GP.
Georgia's Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Nigalidze was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone, which was logged onto a chess analysis app.
The infraction has been reported to the International Chess Federation.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
Police estimate 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by five shots.
Tiger Woods finishes six under par.
Phil Mickelson finishes on eleven under.
Justin Rose finishes second.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
She creates almost no waste in nearly half a year.
Shreeves began her journey into zero-waste living two years ago.
Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti.
The camp's 10,000 residents mostly come from these countries.
Many though say it's been years and they're tired of waiting.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club.
The couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010.
In 2014, legal marijuana was a $700 million industry in Colorado.
Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide and said he died within an hour of being beaten.
Maickel Melamed, 39, is battling muscular dystrophy.
He was the last participant to complete the race.
Melamed is one of about 30,000 participants who raced in this year's marathon.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
There is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back.
More Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country, attempting the dangerous trip in rickety fishing boats.
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country.
Liana Barrientos, now 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
The three have been in jail since February 22.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto gives U.N. agency three months to relocate refugees.
Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"
Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya this month, killing 147 people.
Julian Zelizer: Sen. Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the nation.
He says Sanders is an authentic voice who speaks without fear.
Zelizer: Sanders would not be Wall Street's best friend.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University.
He was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus"
He says there are no references to the Gospel of Mary Magdalene in antiquity.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"
Tapper will take over the program in June.
He will remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead"
Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman write "The Eureka Factor"
The book explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for pivotal revelations.
Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts.
Grand jury indicts nine members of a criminal syndicate.
The alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, a 45-year-old loading dock worker.
Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Its owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
Social media unloaded on the pizzeria, most having little to do with the quality of the food.
Ghetto, and I'm talking class and not race, was on full display by Monday.
Police officers who weren't there don't know what happened to Freddie Gray.
If there are criminally guilty cops, police have no problem with justice.
A bomb exploded near a U.N. vehicle traveling near Garowe on Monday morning.
Six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF -- were killed.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Monday's attack.
Vijay Chokalingam posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission.
He received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools, results that he claims support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base.
The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee.
The Chicago Daily News was strictly limited in the hours it could publish.
Bob Lewin, who usually handled labor stories, had been told "to do something on the new president"
Robert Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
He surrendered Tuesday morning and immediately posted bail of $25,000.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington.
He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
Korea's buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War.
The spicy and funky stew features a variety of canned, precooked meat.
A new way to talk about climate change is emerging, which shifts focus from impersonal discussions to a very personal one.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion.
The impacts of climate change on health will depend on a multitude of factors, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
U.S. official: Up to 25,000 Iraqis troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May.
Official: Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
The challenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week.
Paddy Power is backtracking after tweeting that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings than an unarmed African-American male.
The tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States.
In January, Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for the presidency of FIFA.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to face the charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment"
She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
The quadriplegic man was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo.
The 23-year-old has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011.
McDonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory"
One of our six suggested things to watch this week.
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Julian Zelizer: Hernandez walked into court with an air of bravado, his head held high like the $40 million, NFL superstar he was.
Zelizer: It's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for Lloyd and now Hernandez.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation.
Seven people died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the NCAA tournament final.
The aircraft went down overnight about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington.
It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft.
On July 20, 2012, a gunman opened fire on the audience at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater.
Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured.
The shooting suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges.
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office denies the allegations.
Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a sting operation on April 2.
Bates' attorney says the accusations are based on an affidavit from a former employee.
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
There were some genuinely funny moments, although the ratio was low.
Hillary Clinton's official announcement went online.
Social media responded in a big way.
Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms to help single parents with cancer.
The nonprofit has provided practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte.
The miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
His family and others complained about his inclusion on the memorial wall.
The teen was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July.
Zuriel Oduwole is one of the world's youngest filmmakers.
She has four documentaries under her belt.
Her latest project, "A Promising Africa," is the first in an ongoing series.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.
Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to "work full time jobs in the community"
He had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force.
A smuggler in Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
The conversation was recorded using a mobile phone.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son Monday.
The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president.
Julian Zelizer: Rios' view of women is not unique.
He says there is a bias against women in the workplace.
"Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office.
The movie is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
It will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday.
Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities had not been consulted.
The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won the presidential elections in Nigeria.
David Frum says the victory represents a moment of maturity in West African politics.
He says the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris.
Harris ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting.
Bates' actions are attributed to a phenomenon known as "slip and capture"
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night.
Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night.
The new study doesn't change the picture for life on Mars.
Lauren Bacall's art collection goes under the hammer in New York.
The 750-piece collection fetched a total of $3.64 million.
Bacall died in August 2014 at the age of 89.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers.
He was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative.
Haas' work is often lumped in with the promotional machinery.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint.
The 30-year-old prince is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions.
Rep. John Boehner: Ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues.
He says the turnaround and success are worth being excited about and sharing.
Mare Nostrum was a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril.
It was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton"
The argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for Europe continues unabated.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The comedic actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales of assault.
Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
This is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal over the past several months.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
There is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency.
U.S. President Barack Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region.
Instead of the "new beginning" that the President outlined in his much discussed Cairo speech in 2009, the President remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground.
In the next few weeks the Department of Justice will begin to negotiate with the city to restructure the police department.
The report from the DOJ offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens.
Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, police say.
Gray died Sunday, one week after Baltimore police arrested him.
Police officials acknowledge mistakes were made during and after his arrest.
A New York judge has said Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce.
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.
Baidoo's marriage to Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku began to unravel shortly after they married in 2009.
Jennifer Stewart says her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix, went missing after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
The cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point, Stewart says.
Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat.
Photographer Andres Figueroa photographed religious festivals in South America's Atacama Desert.
Fugueroa's "Dancers of the Deserts" series chronicles these festivals, which attract about 200,000 people.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on the 35-foot Pearson sailboat for more than two months.
Just a few days into his trip, a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast.
His father, Frank Jordan, says he was expecting his son to look different.
Juan Arango bites the shoulder of Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness.
Arango was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban.
The 34-year-old spent 10 years playing in Europe.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training.
The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest.
Tim Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Both federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year.
As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across.
It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light.
This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
By strobing light at a high frequency, the operator is able to send information to the computer.
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency is scrapping paper counterpart.
Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on DVLA database.
Motoring groups fear switch will make it more difficult for car hire firms.
From June 8, holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to DVLA website.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity.
It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years.
Video uses footage recorded by the spacecraft between 2011 and 2015.
Other fantastic sections show bright, active regions on the sun’s surface as magnetic fields send it into turmoil.
Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters despite carding 14-under-par.
Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy who won four major titles.
The 27-year-old has struggled to hit top form going into the tournament.
A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end.
Audrey Alexander claims the trees knocked £20,000 off the value of her house.
But Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay.
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family.
The dispute started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home.
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
John Worden, 52, has been living in his vehicle for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
Alan Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline.
Newcastle boss John Carver has asked for advice from some of his predecessors.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open.
Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
Sarah shared the adorable pictures to her Instagram page.
One, which shows a close up of her son's face, said: 'Love at first sight #jameshunter'
American Pie was written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean.
His lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle.
This week its lyrics were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of rules.
They said it had been dropped there by a litterbug and not by the owner.
Residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers'
Waverley Council defended the binmen, saying they had 'nowhere suitable' to put non-recyclable items.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12.
All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them.
Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD on the night of the shooting.
Fire crews scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!'
They found a pair of squawking birds.
The tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property.
Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen and are expected to survive.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm)
Alan Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the clash.
Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury.
Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint and Mile Jedinak is ruled out.
Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game but returned to action with Ivory Coast on Friday.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added.
Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
A documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will unveil shady advertising practices at the company.
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses.
Milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise.
Yelp has vigorously denied the claims in the film.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago.
Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million.
City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust.
She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding.
But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, were caught and both jailed last summer.
Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday.
The 39-year-old was asked to take charge until the end of the season.
Locke paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann since he replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February.
The 54-year-old actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced.
'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years,' Julia, who also features on the cover of the supplement, explained.
Tesla founder Elon Musk has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours.
Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall.
Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'
The device, which could be in homes by the end of summer, will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper.
Steven Finn believes he's regained his previous best form.
Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up.
The 26-year-old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season.
Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims.
A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives.
Liverpool and Italy striker Mario Balotelli acknowledged the anniversary on his Instagram page.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million.
Liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling Sterling.
Sterling's value could plummet by up to £25million if he chooses to buy-out.
Manchester City and Chelsea are both keen on Sterling.
Horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded.
They are dragged onto ships where they are clubbed to death for their fur.
Animal rights charity Humane Society International captured images.
It says baby animals 'are dying a violent death for fur products nobody wants'
Newfoundland government has authorised killing of up to 468,000 seals.
Sir Paul McCartney has made an emotional plea for Canada to stop the seal hunt.
Aston Villa and Reading have been charged by the Football Association.
Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after the FA Cup quarter-final replay.
West Brom expressed their 'deep concern' for the safety of the players.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand.
It shows the lions interacting with visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car.
The people inside can be seen recording the many lions from their phones.
A number of lions are fed directly through the metal bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage.
England's Young Lions lost 2-1 to France in their final Euro 2016 qualifier.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet scored for the hosts.
Patrick Roberts halved the deficit 11 minutes from time.
Fulham's Patrick Roberts scored a late consolation for England.
Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent.
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski.
Liverpool's Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at Anfield.
Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum.
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston.
He was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested on Saturday.
He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to hack officers to death.
The alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police, who tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects.
Five men were arrested over the planned attack in Melbourne on Anzac Day.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with terror offences.
Teresa James, 40, started whitening her teeth five years ago.
She is one of an increasing number of women for whom whitening is part of their beauty routine.
In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996.
The trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’
Justin Rose is back training ahead of his next PGA tour event.
The Englishman is using his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator.
Rose pushed winner Jordan Speith all the way on the final day of the Masters.
The money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits.
Campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear.
Mr King, from Melbourne, said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters.
He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia.
Dante de Blasio, 17, has been accepted into Yale and Brown Universities.
The mayor's son will make his decision by the end of the month.
Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn, de Blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid.
RJ Jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers Netherton's syndrome.
His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin.
Mother Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out.
But while out shopping recently, Mrs Jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police.
A member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse.
The 35-year-old said she is also subjected to taunts in the street.
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
Reports suggest Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas.
The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)
It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or UV light.
A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days.
Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
In summer, everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to buy some milk become extremely difficult.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her ex's name.
She tried to burn it off with acid but it immediately caused her skin to burn.
Six painful applications left her skin red raw and scabby.
Tattoo Disasters airs on TLC on Tuesday at 9pm.
Wales climbed to 22 in the April rankings to move within eight places of England.
Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying.
Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Danny Welbeck is starting to fly.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday afternoon.
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring for the hosts.
Thomas Muller added a third with eight minutes to go.
Bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork.
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham's under 21 team against Manchester United.
The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season.
Oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season, snubbing interest from all of the Premier League's big guns.
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband Charles.
But his firm AppSense was valued wildly higher, and his stake was worth £132m.
Court of Appeal found Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information.
Mrs Sharland will now take her fight to the Supreme Court in June.
HBO NOW is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month.
It includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has donated 50 of her eggs to childless couples.
Mother-of-two has already enabled two couples to have twins.
In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
She injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries, and after a few months she will have stored up enough for them to be harvested.
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media.
One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi fighting for terror group.
The gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province.
Members of the Iraqi Army and allied Shiite volunteer militias have had great success in forcing the terrorists to withdraw in recent weeks.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
The Liverpool star was encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool's £100,000-a-week offer.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Barcelona.
Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb.
The clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent.
She then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Kane has scored 30 goals for Spurs this season.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey craze.
He hopes to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel.
Hotel in Folkestone, Kent, will cater for couples and multiple groups.
Food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package.
Asmir Begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of the 27-year-old.
Begovic's deputy Jack Butland recently extended his contract until 2019.
Deborah, 43, Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'
Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.
The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Premier League.
There is a meeting planned for after the season ends in May.
Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the Titanic up close.
The trip takes 11 or 12 hours in total and once you reach the ocean floor powerful lights let you see the main features of ship.
More people have been to space than have explored the Titanic, and the dives aim to collect data for scientific experiments.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 on Saturday.
The sixth-seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final.
Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign.
Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
Warren Sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault in February.
In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona.
Sapp was fired from his job at the NFL network and could get six months in jail and three years probation if he is convicted.
He was inducted into the Football Hall of Fame in 2013 - his first year of eligibility.
Selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group.
She was trying to raise £45,000 for Operation Smile, which provides surgery for children with the condition.
Miss Dicker was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg, who died in Saturday's avalanche.
Aydian Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search.
He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.
The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Ruby Walsh warned riders to go wide at the Canal Turn.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour.
The gelding likely suffered broken ribs.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter.
The pair were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in Perth, WA.
Cameron, who was 19 at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident.
Carrie Fisher, 58, and Mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage in Anaheim on Thursday before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Director JJ Abrams explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look.
A-listers like Beyonce, Paris Hilton, and Selena Gomez all sport weaves and extensions, but their beauty regimen is not always adaptable to the average person.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother, and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life.
Crystal Palace beat champions Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park.
Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Alan Pardew, Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman after the game.
Pardew used seven Englishmen including matchwinner Jason Puncheon.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph.
He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the crater.
The 58-year-old claims that the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'
Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana.
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself in Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon.
He was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted in Lane County.
Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle.
Bullet struck police dog named Baco in the head, prompting exchange of gunfire.
Hawkins was shot nine times, and later died of gunshot wounds to chest.
Officers involved in shooting have been placed on administrative leave.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million.
But he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit.
The Brazilian has finally received clearance to make his bow.
Wellington has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved.
He can now play for any team in the European Union.
Gareth Bale scored twice and assisted another in Real Madrid's 9-1 win.
The Welsh winger was in fine form for his country during the international break.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada on Sunday.
Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona.
A map shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years.
It was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
The map shows that the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world.
Many of the sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies, but some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Sterling did suggest he is considering his future at the club last week.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta on Sunday.
The 39-year-old was on the ball nestled in pine straws.
Woods hit the club into a root, causing him to wince and grab his hand.
After finishing his round he revealed that his wrist bone had popped out.
He was forced to put it back in himself to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores.
He followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face.
Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van.
Bulman was given a 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties.
Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
He then proceeds to walk forwards, performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes.
Reading lost 1-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici let a Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp.
The 30-year-old has apologised to Reading's fans on Twitter.
Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown.
He is the latest sourpuss to become an internet sensation with 44.1k followers.
Albert is named after famous physician Albert Einstein, due to sharing the same white-grey curly hair.
Karl Oyston has denied five FA charges for allegedly abusive text messages.
Oyston initially had until March 30 to reply, but was granted an extension.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
The Seasiders are extremely unpopular at the club and fans have been protesting against their ownership.
Norway's military leaders are nervous about Russia's presence on coastline.
Three Russian ships spent winter docked deep within mountain hideaway.
In February, a passenger plane had to be diverted to avoid two Russian bombers.
Comes amid spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris by reserve deputy Robert Bates.
Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged to charge Lord Janner.
She was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes.
Both Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.
Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer’s.
Latest revelation came as Mrs Saunders endured a barrage of criticism for ending the case before it could reach court.
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday.
Juan Mata scored a brace to secure a five-point cushion over the Reds.
Wayne Rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the Champions League.
Rooney and his team-mates only returned home from international duty on Wednesday.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers.
There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties.
Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
The 39-year-old Ukrainian has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade.
Klitschko has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown in 2006.
Jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off sleeper train at Penzance.
Travelled for eight hours from London's Paddington station to reach Cornwall.
But he is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally with 14 days to go.
Cameron said he 'always manages to portray a calm smoothness'
Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro.
The brave survivors have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27.
In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Amanda recalled how she had learned from TV news that her mother died of a heart attack, aged 43, in March 2006, while she was 'chained like a dog' in Castro's home.
Gina DeJesus was
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco are third in Ligue 1.
The principality club host Juventus at the Stade Louis II.
Jardim insists he is proud after his side reached the quarter-finals.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6.
His wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain.
Family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years.
Nottinghamshire Police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three.
Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to prank her own mother.
Rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door, Lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping.
She began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message: 'You didn't tell me the decorator man was coming mate!'
Lionel Messi has recovered from his foot injury.
Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break.
Messi returned to the Barcelona training ground on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule.
The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid.
Barcelona travel to Celta Vigo in La Liga on Sunday.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is ready for it to be shown.
The play stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile.
Maitland claims it will be 'extremely sensitive' and will not undermine seriousness.
Cesc Fabregas left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011.
Fabregas is set to start against his former team on Sunday.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari insists the flag should be taken down.
The island of Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake in the mountains of southern Siberia.
It is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins were actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago.
Experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead of imprisoning them.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting.
He painted a self-portrait of the artist with a bullet hole through his heart.
It comes as images from Nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait.
His brother has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad.
Sukumaran's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate's cell.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman.
The bin man was filmed lifting bags out of dustbins before tossing them.
Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later.
They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The Blues would look to loan Muto to partner club Vitesse Arnhem.
Muto says he is still considering a move to Chelsea this summer.
Chelsea signed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturer Yokohama Rubber in February.
Hayley Sandiford, 30, has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will lose her house.
The pet has attacked several terrified postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire.
Winston's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood.
Ten people, including four children, have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in Brisbane's west.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon.
A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter.
Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.
The animals are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake.
Goldfish are not a native species in Colorado and are very harmful to the local aquatic ecosystem.
Jordan Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round.
Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City.
The 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form this season.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure.
Toure's performances have been heavily criticised but he remains defiant.
Atletico Madrid went two goals ahead after just 10 minutes at the Vicente Calderon.
Antoine Griezmann and Mikel Gonzalez scored for the hosts.
Diego Simeone's side have a game in hand on Real Madrid.
Over-55s can withdraw all or part of pension pots instead of buying annuity.
First people to cash in their pots began to receive their money yesterday.
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked.
Many were unaware of age restrictions or tax implications.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at the Nou Camp on Wednesday night.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a stunning left-footed strike.
Luis Suarez doubled the Catalans' lead with the first of his two goals.
Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes.
Barcelona remain seven points clear at the top of La Liga.
29-minute video shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive.
At least 16 men are lined up and shot in desert area, believed to be south.
12 others filmed being forced to walk down beach before being beheaded.
This follows another video in February of beheading of 21 Coptic Christians.
It raises fears that ISIS is consolidating its presence on 'doorstep of Europe'
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall.
The defeat sees Taylor finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld on 'Judgement Night'
Peter Wright was one of two players to be eliminated this season.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in their 0-0 draw at Burnley.
The 21-year-old scored on his England debut and made his first start for the national team.
Kane has hailed the 'best week of my life' after captaining Tottenham.
Tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City.
Doug Hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws.
Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
His wife, Alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington.
He suggested using jujitsu to deal with Ukip leader in two-hour showdown.
But Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Tory leader paid a visit to Kings Leadership Academy ahead of debate.
Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have over a decade of history in the league.
Mourinho has scored 13 times for Chelsea against Arsenal.
Arsenal lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia started off with just five models.
Now has 40 including Noreen Carr and Lauren Feenstra.
Agency founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Samantha Harris at next year's fashion week.
Dargin says high-end brands are hesitant to sign Aboriginal models because the fashion platform could be used for political purposes.
Mirko Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday.
The Brazilian was beaten by a first-round head kick in 2007.
Filipovic admits revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model.
She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines.
The 177-centimetre beauty was spotted in New York City in 2005.
Wells said she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model.
Amy, 24, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals.
Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 in the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a penalty to secure the win.
Bayern Munich will play Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday.
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
The presenter revealed Phil, who appeared with her on the ITV show, was not in fact her real father.
Sarah's mother dropped the bombshell that Phil - who had raised Sarah - may not actually be related to her last year.
Determined to find out the truth, the pair went on the show to get an answer.
Before the results were revealed, Sarah spoke of how Phil has always been a father figure in her life.
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field.
The widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground.
Mayor Bill de Blasio's relations with the police unions were fractured in the aftermath of the December shooting that claimed the lives of Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in a Texas road-rage accident.
She was able to pull over and call for help despite the gunshot wound.
Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault.
Evans is a documented gang member and is being held on $250,000 bond.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.
Smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control.
The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
Five-star hotel includes the Morse Bar, named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes.
Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe.
The number one choice is the ancient city of Athens in Greece.
Other hot spots for Aussie tourists include Toronto in Canada and Warsaw in Poland.
The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.
The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
Many are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of Rockingham County Superior Courthouse on Friday morning while jurors were deliberating claims that Goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student.
Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
His health status has not been immediately disclosed.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team.
The new designs do not represent the American flag.
Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 on Good Friday.
Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored for the Reds.
Kenny Jackett believes it is now just the top eight in the Championship.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service.
The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones.
He sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family.
Pettingill's father, Trevor, was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders.
Justin Braddock, 34, was found unconscious in the front seat of a car.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia, 39, was on patrol near DeLand, Florida.
He asked to help Braddock and spent seven minutes giving him CPR.
Braddock was taken to hospital but fled but was later caught by deputies.
Officials also found pills, other drugs and paraphernalia in the car.
Saracens lost to Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final last year.
They will now face either Leinster or Toulon in the final on Sunday.
Sarries have five of their starting pack under the age of 24.
Maro Itoje was impressive making his first start in Europe.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours.
The McLaren driver said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance.
Button was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research.
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2,000.
The new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from The Daily Show.
British Transport Police has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far.
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said the impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable'
He said the problem was a'very complex issue' and required a cultural change.
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotians with their clubs.
Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems.
Walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury.
Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features.
Dug the pug was hiking in Fontana, Canada, when he was bitten.
Owner Lindsay Castro backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile.
The snake bit Dug in the face, and his face swelled to twice its size.
After two days of round-the-clock IV fluid and treatment, he is ready to go home.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday night.
Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside.
Brendan Rodgers admitted he was left frustrated by the assistant referee's decision.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities.
A stroll through Times Square won't cost you a dollar and nearby Central Park and Grand Central Station are likewise free to peruse.
Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten, which is free to the public.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty.
Footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire on Rottnest Island on April 3.
The pair were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
They were released at 11.30 am on Thursday morning after entering the jail, in Canning Vale, Western Australia on Friday.
Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11.
Those who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund or alternative trip.
The British Foreign Office has advised tourists in Nepal to follow the advice from local authorities.
Katia Apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase.
The 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent.
She teamed up with the Havre university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday.
She may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain.
A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the quake.
Others were staying in the capital Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas.
Charli, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee, who serves as the channel's 'chief taste tester', are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
Richard Clements, 62, is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property.
Machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath.
His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
But he was pronounced dead at the scene in Wattisham, Suffolk.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month for March.
Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal last month.
Harry Kane also scored five times for Tottenham in March.
Andreas Lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps.
The 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner.
Medical experts say it can also increase the risk of self-harm at the start of treatment.
Prime Minister visited primary school near Bolton to unveil new policy.
Under future Tory government children who achieve poor SAT results will be forced to resit them in secondary school.
Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald'
The youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table after struggling with a tricky passage.
Labour's shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt dismissed the proposal as 'desperate'
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices.
It promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping.
But the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as 'craft beer'
Tottenham have won two of their last 10 Premier League games.
Mauricio Pochettino's side play Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy on the Europa League.
Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand’s picturesque coastline.
He filmed scenes using a camera attached to a remote control drone.
The six-minute video shows breathtaking sights that make it clear why Thailand is a favourite destination for tourists.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland.
The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness.
QPR face West Ham in the London derby on Saturday.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday.
The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.
Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz.
It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.
The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
Designer plans to launch a Kickstarter campaign on 9 April.
If successful, the models could be available before the end of the year.
HBO has warned Australians who use overseas accounts to access the US-restricted streaming service HBO NOW.
Tens of thousands of Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology.
The network has warned internet users, who are watching shows such as Games of Thrones, The Sopranos and Girls, that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick and Charlie Austin equalised.
Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iPhone away from the game.
Fernandes revealed Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return for Sunday's visit of Chelsea.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him.
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall.
The property has stunning views of Smugglers Cove, and the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift.
Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove.
Poldark actor Aidan Turner has become a heartthrob for fans after his character took off his shirt on the popular BBC One show.
Each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages.
Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year.
Vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop but is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives.
Scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years – at a cost of more than £330million – but experts say there is a long way to go.
There is no licensed vaccine against malaria anywhere in the world.
Kyle Naughton was sent off for a challenge on David Meyler on Saturday.
The Hull midfielder was left in hospital at the weekend.
Naughton will miss the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off.
The US were beaten 3-2 by the Italian duo in the doubles rubber.
Williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the Australian Open.
In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card'
It was a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive.
Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers.
They bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year.
Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service.
The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent.
It boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol'
It also boasts about some of its worst atrocities in the pages of the glossy booklet.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.
Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Four Chelsea fans dressed in Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks stormed Arsenal's Emirates Stadium this week.
The prankster called themselves the 'C-Team' as they carried out their'mission'
The two-minute clip then shows the Blues fans displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete Arsenal sign before it eventually reads 'Chelsea'
Officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico.
The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort in Cruz Bay, St. John.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament.
He was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands'
He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson.
Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Wilson resigned in November.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time on Easter Sunday.
The 30-goal striker scored within seconds of his England debut.
Kane made his first international start in Italy on Tuesday.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony.
Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments.
Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness.
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries.
QPR youngster Darnell Furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury.
Lucas Leiva has been at Liverpool for eight years.
The Brazilian has played more games without winning a major trophy.
He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
Lucas has been the longest-serving player at Liverpool behind captain Steven Gerrard.
Former Met chief to be investigated over allegations of cover-up.
IPCC said it will investigate claims he failed to hand over key information.
Investigation stems from complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000.
He served five years as UK's most senior policeman.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan.
Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters.
Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid.
It can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication and topical drug delivery.
Australian team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao next weekend in Las Vegas.
But with 11 days to go, not a single person has a ticket in their hands.
SeatGeek, which claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000)
These are known as'spec tickets' which the sellers don't have but expect to get before the fight.
The venue for the bout, the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena, has the following message on its website: 'Details on ticket sales coming soon!'
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver set the pace as he bids to win his fourth race in China.
Hamilton was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Vettel was best of the rest in Shanghai behind the two Mercedes drivers.
The Drug Enforcement Agency program was created in 1992.
It monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking.
This is the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
The program only recently shuttered, and was used for nearly two decades.
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
She shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions.
A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off.
The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
Barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set.
Her niece’s case was also dismissed.
The parents of Michael Brown have filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the city of Ferguson over the fatal shooting of their son by a white police officer.
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday.
They called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events.
The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean
Lee Tomlin scored the opening goal in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham.
Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish.
Aitor Karanka's side stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table.
Tipper Lewis, 43, from London, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years.
She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
A vegan since the age of 18, she studied the power of herbs and plants at University.
Now she is the head Herbalist at Neal's Yard Remedies, the leading independent British retailer of organic natural health and beauty products.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average'
21 to 30 is considered normal or average, and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered 'great'
The game was created by Canada-based Network365.
It was created to evaluate the quality of your colour vision.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, sentenced to life in prison for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and son, Brendon, 39, last August.
Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in crash in 1970.
Brent's father, Herbert, later received nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
Judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at 12.
She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.
Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS.
Spent £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
Finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment.
Treatment costs a minimum of £10,000 and is booked in for September this year.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
Gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of NSW.
The wind manufacturers say their umbrella with more ribs and that is windproof has a better chance of survival in this weather.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu.
He became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday.
Medics had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.
His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year.
The pair had married in Cyprus in 2012 but their relationship had collapsed.
Walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, veered off the M1.
His Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree.
Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital but died two days later.
She was charged with his wife's murder two months later – ten days after her funeral.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
The England international will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016.
Tomkins made 129 Super League appearances, scoring 107 tries.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus.
They send and receive signals to regulate appetite.
When POMCs are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese.
The team, led by the University of Michigan, looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri.
Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season.
Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Lucien Favre is the man to replace Guardiola.
Hitzfeld spent two different spells as Bayern boss and retired in 2014.
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday.
Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner.
Niki Lauda is fully expecting Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'
Hamilton led the Mercedes one-two at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Hamilton won his fourth Chinese Grand Prix of the season.
AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream.
McCoy will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The 40-year-old announced his plans to retire in February.
Josh Hamilton is going to be sent back to his former team, the Texas Rangers.
He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery.
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife, Katie, in late February.
The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012.
Scott Quigg offered £1.5m to Carl Frampton for a British super-fight.
But Frampton has dismissed the offer as a 'publicity stunt'
The IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on Hearn to make him a more realistic offer.
Ben Parson, 34, of Brighton, East Sussex, stopped to propose to girlfriend.
Anna Jefferson, 36, was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon.
He got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
Ben completed his sixth Brighton Marathon in 3hrs 36min.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media after being hounded for a comment on the expected birth of the new royal baby.
The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call.
She has since revealed her personal torment over the prank, and was unable to return to her role on the air.
Greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake.
Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back.
The killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty.
It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit.
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his Raleigh Chopper.
He hopes to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route this summer.
The personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' with second place.
The Gunners haven't won the league since 2004.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder has agreed a deal worth more than £100,000 per week.
Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option.
He is the latest big name in Brendan Rodgers’ squad to commit his future to the club.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his car on Tuesday.
The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime.
He was described as 'the most peaceful man you could wish to meet'
Police have arrested a man, 46, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The winner's share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency.
Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000.
Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth.
Lisa Colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in Queens, New York on March 19 when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm.
Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Edwards went on to tell her how hard of a worker her daughter was and how everyone at the station respected her.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest.
But he missed the whole thing being asleep!
Even a trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap.
The trip cost Alex upwards of £1,000 ($1,600)
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends.
Louise Redknapp says it is a welcome relief from the skinny jean.
She says the key is all in the shoe.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter.
The incident happened as Chelsea players celebrated the winning goal.
QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
They have also appealed to witnesses to come forward.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Manchester United.
United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.
Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues.
Van der Sar admits the title is probably beyond United's grasp this season.
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.
Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
Mrs Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool.
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading.
The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News.
Simon Mignolet was with Belgium in Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel.
The 27-year-old was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps.
Mignolets posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his Facebook account.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp.
They stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches)
Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
The ridges contain both bright and dark material.
Post Office asked accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system.
Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting.
Post Office failed to identify 'root cause of shortfalls' before starting civil or criminal proceedings.
Leaked copy of accountants' independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand.
Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack.
Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria.
He reportedly burned his passport upon crossing the Syrian boarder and posted to Facebook that his move to Syria was a 'one-way trip, no going back'
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites.
Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case.
The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft, which the police report states happened overnight.
Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' side have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention.
Newcastle boss John Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against Liverpool.
PM accused SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to Britain.
He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll.
But insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
Comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'
Electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision.
Clinical trials scheduled for 2016.
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea.
Five islands have already been made, with two more in development.
Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
Mr Farage appeared on a special Question Time-style programme filmed in Birmingham today.
He claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the EU.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four.
Southampton travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
Angela Linton, 47, was banned from her son's school after abusing staff.
She then used one of the child's books to deliver a homophobic tirade.
Linton wrote the vile message, directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien.
The father-of-one has been given a community order and fined £185.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth.
She was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section'
The event continues until Saturday evening, when she is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed large kidney stones.
The cause for his condition, doctors believe, was low fluid intake.
One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising.
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign.
She models Ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses.
Lucy recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD.
Lauren Hill, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor.
She has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease.
During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent.
But she still made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati while raising more than $1.5 million for others with her condition
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Footscray.
The truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole.
Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
WorkCover are investigating the incident.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party.
He leapt onto tracks at local station of Sudbury Hill in north-west London.
But coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention.
Mr Kantaria had'recently' left job at Baring Asset Management to start property career.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky.
Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car.
Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck.
He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face.
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels.
Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace.
Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin.
They used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source.
Passenger Pamela Sullins snapped photos showing a firefighter in the aisle.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, pleaded not guilty to domestic violence charges on Friday.
He had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February.
Stickler killed himself by crashing into a field in Millville, California, on Saturday.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage said audience was prejudiced.
But audience only booed him further when he said they were 'right of centre'
BBC initially refused to disclose political make-up of audience.
Of 200-strong audience, about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command.
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk.
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
The comments were made yesterday on ‘Space Day’, when Russia commemorated the first human spaceflight - Yuri Gagarin, on 12 April 1961.
We Are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia was held in Sydney on Tuesday night.
The show featured real life fitness influencers Lindy Klim, Amanda Bisk, Juliette Burnett, Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp.
Models included ballerinas and sprinters, while Samantha Harris also made an appearance.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil.
She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy'
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia.
He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top.
But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit.
When he was stopped by shop security he told the security guard that he wanted to buy the phone - and was going to his car to get his wallet.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday.
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.
Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down.
Video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at an industrial unit.
It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings.
This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal.
The Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
Nathan Hughes was handed a three-week ban for striking George North.
Wasps are set to appeal the decision and will play Toulon in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday.
Hughes' knee collided with North's head as he crossed the line to score a try for Northampton.
The pair battle it out on a shed rooftop in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
The snaps illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town.
Unfortunately for this mouse that's where all similarities between the moggy and its namesakes end.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for Chelsea in the 35th minute.
Dominic Solanke equalised late on to put a gloss on the scoreline.
Substitute Kean Bryan pulled up injured after 36 minutes.
Isaac Buckley-Ricketts almost levelled late on.
Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target.
A supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day.
The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses.
Moshin Tanveer suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012.
Coroner James McDougall found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby.
The couple have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner's inquest.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant.
Plastic surgeon Raman Malhotra put a special platinum chain into her eyelid.
It would weigh it down and help it close by itself.
The procedure has made her look more normal - people don't stare as much.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates Stadium.
The Brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks.
Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion'
Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho said that the Brazil international was given a penalty.
Oscar played on for half an hour before being properly assessed.
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama.
She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious'
Mother Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, confronted her and told her her husband had just been laid off.
Wood and her brother Nick, 16, were approached by Mrs Boyd after the screening.
Mrs Boyd said that the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while.
The incident gained national attention after Mrs Wood reached out on social media to find the woman and apologize to her
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Doom Bar Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The last time McCoy won the Melling Chase he followed up on Don’t Push It.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.
The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday.
Aboriginal actress Patricia Morton-Thomas, who co-created the comedy show about a radio station in constant plight, was also confused about how women 'dancing ceremonially can be offensive'
Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend.
He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30.
The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
UK over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion.
UK families spend £350 million on a variety of painkillers.
Dr Chris Van Tulleken warns we should think less about convenience.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego.
He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation.
The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama.
Her family reported her missing the following January.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill.
He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
The panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon, made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington.
But he was made to battle before eventually securing a victory.
The 25-year-old will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools.
All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America - from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria.
They hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words.
But the toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop.
His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Andy Lee is making the first defence of the WBO middleweight title.
The Irishman takes on Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday.
Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping.
Ben Grower, leader of the authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails'
Mr Roberts said he was shocked by the 'petty' reply.
A formal complaint has been lodged against Mr Grower and the council is investigating.
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide.
Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude'
This was then refined into diesel.
Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right.
Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again.
He escaped from her garden 11 months ago.
Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Previous study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a Neanderthal.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
The 31-year-old Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract.
PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday.
Biologists inspected the boat remains and found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
Five million tons of wreckage - the remains of homes, boats, and other remnants of shattered lives in eastern Japan - were swallowed by the ocean when the tsunami struck four years ago.
Detective Patrick Cherry was caught on video ranting at an Uber driver.
The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident.
Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the driver honked his horn.
He pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, ten years ago.
She was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe.
Liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat.
The journey throws up daily challenges for Liz, including adjusting sails and boat maintenance.
A noose was discovered hanging from a tree at Duke University outside a building that houses several offices focused on diversity on the campus.
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree.
Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida.
Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Fire Brigade Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
They say fire engines are routinely being turned into makeshift ambulances.
In some areas 999 calls are up by 15 per cent on last year.
Paramedics are also having to respond to rising numbers of non-urgent calls.
New ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want Nicola Sturgeon kept out.
59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country.
Polls in Scotland put SNP on course to make huge gains north of border.
But they have ruled out formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet.
They have left open possibility of SNP supporting Labour government on vote-by-vote basis.
Only 43 per cent believe Prince Charles should ascend to the throne.
Almost identical number say he should stand aside in favour of William.
William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family.
Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Welbeck says he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role.
The Arsenal striker says he feels very welcome at the Emirates.
London Mayor launched furious personal assault on his rival.
But Miliband ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'
Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' for claiming Miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with the SNP to get into power.
Mr Johnson insisted Labour could not take power without the support of the SNP.
Raheem Sterling can be seen smoking a shisha pipe on social media.
The 20-year-old recently snubbed a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling was pictured on a social media site with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’
One single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes.
Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks.
Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin.
In the weeks and months that followed, he underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)
If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia.
Pregnant
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours.
The supermarket chain has submitted a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission.
National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon, accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
He said the supermarket chain had tried to'strip workers of their rights'
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female.
He said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour'
During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated.
Professor Warren has written about the avocado in his book called the Nature of Crops.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce.
It means an extra £2,100 a year to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married.
One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Curtis Stone is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
The celebrity chef is adamant that his children should eat healthily.
He says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food.
Photos of Stone cooking and gardening with Hudson feature throughout the book.
Kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing.
But Chinese aviation authorities ruled it could not be flown.
Kite weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to fly.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer.
The striker is on the peripheries of Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League.
Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
The Barcelona forward says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in Jerusalem.
The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
Dr Shimron’s work has renewed controversy over the Talpiot tomb, which was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the Second Temple period and the time of Jesus.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power.
He said: 'We will stop the abuse as a priority if we form the next government'
His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week.
The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
Martinez scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg victory.
The 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in America.
In the papers it was alleged that Chaplin slept with the 'virtuous and inexperienced' 16-year-old when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her.
On their wedding night Chaplin was said to have told friends that the marriage was a better prospect than prison.
The papers are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer in Plymouth.
Source said he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition.
He was travelling in a three-car convoy in Nineveh, Iraq.
At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through.
But he was left so weakened that his inner circle mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening round of fixtures.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches remaining.
Chelsea host QPR in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist, a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob.
The adverts for Austrian water brand Vöslauer will star Miss Miller.
Applicants must also be able to do yoga moves including the side crow and lotus.
Rilwan Oshodi, 31, bought Karen Budow's bank account details for £3,200.
He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers.
But he now claims he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers.
Judge tells him he must repay £940,820.34 or face four more years in prison.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini.
The Uruguayan was condemned by world football but completed a £75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side.
His wife Sofia says that Suarez didn't believe that he had done anything.
But the television replays suggested otherwise and he then owned up.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.
He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, broke his neck while on holiday.
His father, Michael Stanwick said it was too early to know whether injuries will leave him permanently disabled.
A donation page, set up by close friend Alison Cat, has collected more than £8,000 so far.
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse.
Police raided his home in Colne, Lancashire, in September 2013.
They found the disturbing images on a digital storage device.
Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category.
There were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
Greaves was jailed for 21 months at Burnley Crown Court.
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
The Irishman insists Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does.
McGregor grabbed Aldo's belt when they took their promotional tour.
Phillip and Gaby had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for £325,000.
But cowboy builders left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house from the winter elements.
As a result, rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse.
The family had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs.
They have reported the sub contractor to Trading Standards.
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday.
The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week.
Nathan is seen as the next big thing in South American football.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko.
Mauricio Pochettino is already looking at targets to improve his squad.
Spurs are also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
Leigh beat Salford 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village.
The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils.
Former England forward Gareth Hock spent just 25 minutes on the field in two spells.
The University of Michigan canceled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints.
The school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’
That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was ‘a mistake’ to call off the screening.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd.
They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace.
The final followed seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table'
It brings to an end the eleventh series of the popular BBC weekly amateur cooking contest.
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the honour.
Bristol City's Dele Alli finished second behind Joe Garner.
Shrewsbury Town had three players on the League Two top 10.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham.
Young senior played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa.
Crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from League One.
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered.
She and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear.
The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged.
Mr Gordon resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.
But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
Tories said Miss Thornberry opposed right.
to buy but not ‘right to buy to let’
She lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in England flags and with a white van outside.
Footage has emerged showing the horrific moment two French tourists set alight an Australian quokka.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3.
The men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday.
They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon.
It uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.
The seats, tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria.
Germs such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on suraces.
There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
The amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves - lit up by flares and fire-breathing.
Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, Devon, is a serial shoplifter.
He first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959.
The pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record.
It is believed Knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against Arsenal on Saturday.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list.
Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests ahead of Saturday's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley.
Part of the 'Wing' was affected by the winds on late Sunday and Monday.
Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected.
Stephanie Scott was remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones.
Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher.
Ms Scott's fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley was sitting between her parents Merrilyn and Robert, wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.
The ceremony ended with mourners releasing hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as the song 'Home' by Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros played.
Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of A380 service.
Aimed to inspire a relaxed, positive state of mind for all travellers.
Airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop videos.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back.
His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.
But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.
The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more.
Zeenat Sabvur from Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays.
She said: 'Weddings are now about personalities and celebrating their relationships, which makes it more fun'
The boat was built with scraps from house conversions.
It was glued together with silicone sealant and held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish.
But they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex.
The anglers had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue.
They got the materials to build the boat for free and spent £9 on silicone glue.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete.
She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
Salvador, an only child, is thought to have left home at the age of around 13 or 14 after arriving in the UK from Nigeria with his parents.
Clare Verrall was walking her dog in Prahran, Melbourne, on Wednesday night.
A man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her.
She was left with a broken nose, broken toe, and many other bruises and scratches.
Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect.
The 31-year-old said she was 'blessed' to be able to do kickboxing and self-defence classes.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana could have been the fabled yeti.
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'
Zana was discovered and trapped by a local merchant in the Caucasus mountains in the 1850s.
She was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in Tkhina.
Professor Sykes says he has developed a strong sense that'something is out there' after speaking to dozens of witnesses.
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, clashed as they drove vans.
Mr Bretti chased Trutfio along busy road and blocked him with van.
He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at Mr Bretti through driver's window.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time.
Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval.
Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Herrera added his second and United's third late on to secure the three points for Manchester United.
Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'
Ms Malone said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago.
The candle and fragrance business, called Jo Love, now employs 14 people.
But Ms Malone claimed Labour were a risk to all small businesses like hers.
Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack.
But acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally.
He added that it is 'personally difficult' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel's interests.
Security officers were out in force at Los Angeles International Airport.
Officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel.
FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports.
The sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of the third series of Sherlock.
It took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture, which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Cumberbatch is currently expecting his first child with wife Sophie Hunter, 37.
Usain Bolt will be part of Jamaica's team at the World Relays in the Bahamas.
The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on May 2 and 3.
Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make the country proud'
Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 as England bowled West Indies out for 299.
Captain Alastair Cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps.
Broad backs Cook to go onto a big hundred and get his side in a winning position.
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday.
McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
The 20-time champion jockey was presented with his final champion’s trophy by Arsenal legend Ian Wright.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager.
Klopp has been tipped to replace Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
She met Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight on an online forum.
The women have lived in a three-bedroom home in Cambridge for seven years.
Users of Find Boston Bombers took to Reddit in millions in days after Boston Marathon bombings.
They hurled false accusations at spectators who had been wearing backpacks.
Their claims even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber.
Now, moderator of subreddit, Chris Ryves, has told of regrets about thread in new documentary.
In documentary, The Thread, Ryves explains how Redditors theorized about suspect/suspects' identities on his thread.
The couple were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex.
During the heat of the argument the man tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck.
His wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over.
Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events.
But no charges have been filed against him.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001.
The 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties.
She says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'
The Byron Bay-based woman says she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.
Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises.
When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
'Must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' he wrote.
Fowler came to his girlfriend's defence and responded to the troll.
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers.
The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring.
Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing.
By the time his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
He left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck.
The only thing missing from Nash's home was a 9mm handgun with a single clip.
On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Kelly Nash's badly decomposed body.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, died just days after catching the infection.
She had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment.
Several hospital rooms were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the richest boxing bout in history.
Pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The Filipino star opened up about his motivation, his belief in God and journey to the top in boxing.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex.
She moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down.
Grandmother-of-four smashed her face on the pallet and trapped her leg.
Now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after falling down hole.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5.
The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest.
She was told it had eaten away so much of her bone that it had the thickness of an egg shell.
Her family have been a constant support for Venessa who is undergoing chemotherapy in Brisbane.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.
Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night.
The bulk of them are located in the capital of Havana.
Airbnb has plans for rapid growth in Cuba.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire.
He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money.
The man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, then fled.
A 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in the unique makeover clip.
He transforms himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and - of course - the infamous lip suction cup.
To make himself over as 'America's sweetheart', Rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and his wife Justine watched Pride.
He said: 'Pride is about the lesbian and gay community in London'
Mr Miliband said as a 12-year-old he had a 'big passion' for the 1983 video game Manic Miner.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated when he sees Farage he has to change the channel or he becomes ill.
The medical recruitment consultant said hearing Mr Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick'
Mr Howarth's wife Catherine, 32, says her husband gets so wound up by Mr Farage that he starts to shake.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had their say on Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg said Hamilton had been'selfish' by slowing down while leading the race.
Hamilton backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate's race.
It was alleged Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to Stephanie March.
Page Six claimed Flay, 50, has been seeing Tirrel, who's 28, for three years and that according to a friend of March, the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after Thanksgiving 2014.
March, 40, is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of their marriage that means the famous chef only has to pay her $5,000 a month in alimony.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel on Sunday night.
The World Cup winning duo attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital ahead of Wolfsburg 2-0 win against Hamburg.
Gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 victory against Eintracht Franfurt.
The list of religious punishments pertains to the IS-controlled province of Aleppo.
It includes 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam.
Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death.
Couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and 'banishment' from the community.
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 on the clay in Brindisi, Italy.
The world No 1 improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
Lauren Davis will play Sara Errani in the best-of-five series.
Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona.
The 42-year-old wore a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top.
Georgina Gosden, 25, is facing charges for punching two women in the face.
The model allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern.
She is said to have carried out a similar attack on another woman in the same nightclub last April.
Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the Street View images.
The site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934.
It lets people virtually explore above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of Inverness.
Google said there are more searches for Loch Ness than there are for other UK institutions like Buckingham Palace and the Peak District.
Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne.
It contains high levels of alkaloids, berberine and hydrastine.
These are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits.
Mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness, infections and irritations.
Neal's Yard Remedies created a tincture packed with the stuff.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.
The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes.
She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using
Henrik Larsson was forced to play Daniel Andersson in goal.
Goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were out injured.
Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League.
City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The champions have won the last four derbies against United.
Aguero has scored six times against United this season.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests.
Foundations come after National Association of Head Teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-IT classes.
Research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices.
Liz Norden's adult sons JP and Paul each lost their right leg in the blast.
They were shielded from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line.
Norden has said it is 'way too soon' for Mark Wahlberg to make a film.
She said: 'For people dealing with putting legs on every day or people who lost loved ones, that doesn't go away'
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories in Hull.
He said he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour.
Tories today revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate.
Mr Whitehead revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20.
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado.
If they find him guilty, they must also decide whether he should be put to death or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
The death penalty and insanity plea introduced complicated and time-consuming legal requirements.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge.
She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.
Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead.
'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill.
The man holds his money for a second, astounded, before throwing it at the actor.
Throughout the video he appears in a beanie and a cut-off hoodie jacket, holding a cardboard sign that reads, 'No one has every become poor from giving'
Celtic beat Partick Thistle 2-0 at Parkhead to maintain seven-point lead.
Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute.
James Craigen was shown a straight red card for his 'last man' challenge on Stuart Armstrong.
The Hoops boss returned Nir Bitton, Gary Mackay-Steven and striker John Guidetti to his starting line-up.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.
He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.
Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
Racegoer filmed deliberately knocking elderly man to the floor at Aintree.
The 34-year-old man then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim.
He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.
Police said the man came forward to police late last night.
Man was released this morning pending further inquiries.
Chelsea face Manchester City in the FA Youth Cup final on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to his next generation.
John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
Loftus-Cheek has precisely what Mourinho wants in his midfield.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said.
The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy.
Police went inside and found the woman and children dead.
Her husband was taken into custody without incident, and police weren't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Timothy's ninth birthday and Celeste's third birthday were less than two weeks away.
Arda Turan was celebrating after his side's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg.
He had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system.
Turkish aviation officials in the country's Civilian Aviation Directorate said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight.
They warned that there would be consequences for the cabin crew.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad.
Sukumaran and fellow inmate Andrew Chan will be led into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad shortly after midnight Wednesday.
The executions will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
Mr Quilty pledged to fight the death penalty 'with everything I have for the rest of my life'
The Australians will be executed just after midnight local time on Wednesday.
Nigerian Muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees became angry when one Christian passenger began praying for his life.
When he refused to stop, the Muslim migrants threw 12 Christians off the rickety boat.
The tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in Africa have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
Over 900 making the perilous journey have either died or gone missing since the start of the year and 400 migrants died in two shipwrecks last week.
The 26-year-old has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox.
The department store, which has 12 locations around the world, backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it.
Miss James is a fan of designer Stella MCartney, who has been a lifelong vegetarian and refuses to even use leather in her collections.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week.
He then shot his older brother, Trevor, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself.
As many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys, who would've celebrated their birthdays this week.
Woman walked on to New York City's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon.
She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down.
At about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and was lifted off the bridge'so she could be with her'
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes.
Scott Carson's long, hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play.
Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan, bending a wicked 25-yard free-kick away from Marcus Bettinelli.
Matt Smith scored Fulham's second goal to restore their lead.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder.
Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Knight's attorney said he believes Mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on Saturday.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract.
Manchester United are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker.
Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
Aguero scored a second to all-but end champions' title hopes.
Twitter users produced a series of viral images.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona.
The Brazilian right-back has rejected the club's final contract offer.
Alves has enjoyed seven successful years at Barcelona.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Injured trio Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines.
Holland international Robben was pictured doing punditry alongside Bayern legend Oliver Kahn.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th Masters.
The 85-year-old defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Palmer has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters.
Thibaut Courtois has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years.
The 22-year-old helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season.
Chelsea sit seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table.
Courtois won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
Stephanie Scott and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday.
But on Saturday, the venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service.
The venue was 275km and three hours' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at Mountford Park in Leeton.
Ms Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday.
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex with women.
He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.
Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’
Rushton has been with the force for ten years.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz, of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera.
He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours.
The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes.
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly in Eype, Dorset, last week.
The Border Terrier fell over the cliff's edge along with the lamb.
Molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope.
Her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop, but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her.
A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her despite four hours of searching.
The man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office.
He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after MoD considered suspending him.
It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked, it has been revealed.
One of the parents of the three boys, one aged 19, and two aged 17, who raised the alarm about their missing children.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire.
They had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights.
The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water.
Darren Wheatcroft, Callan Wheatcroft and Simon Whitworth pleaded guilty to attempting to arrange a fight between illegal dogs.
All three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay a total of £40,000 to the RSPCA.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on Mario Mandzukic.
Miranda has said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracen's semi-final berth.
The Argentinian kicked Saracens through to the Champions Cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty.
Bosch was mobbed by Sarries team-mates after his kick sails over the posts for the win.
It was the South American’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores.
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks and sending online messages.
One teenager told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by gang.
19-year-old thought he was meeting girl he had spoken to on internet in Atherton.
But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
Andrew O'Neill, 25, has since admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s.
They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were redeveloped as an air raid shelter.
A total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter, which was made up of a network of interconnecting passages.
The shelter has been converted into a museum, replicating the conditions which would have been found 75 years ago.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January.
He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree on Thursday.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool.
The night before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell that the grass isn't always greener.
The West Ham full back has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Allardyce believes City's previous British purchases speak volumes.
Cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke on Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years.
The Portuguese forward is seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano.
Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.
Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona.
Anthony Horowitz said books by comedian are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough.
The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Walliams’ Gangsta Granny for criticism.
Walliams made over £7million in 2014 from book sales including The Boy in the Dress and Demon Dentist.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis.
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to new therapies for MS, which affects around 2.5 million worldwide.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good.
Two quick-fire second-half penalties saw Montpellier come from behind to beat Bastia.
Lucas Barrios and Anthony Mounier both struck from the spot within two minutes to cancel out Giovanni Sio's opener.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington 30-20 in the Super League derby.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song.
The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers.
Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick of tries for the Warriors.
The H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull.
The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country.
Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Richmond's Bachar Houli a 'terrorist'
Mr Burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall the comment being made.
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns.
He said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation.
The array of glittering precious stones on display at the event in Geneva on May 13 is blinding.
It includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and a pair of diamond earrings with £670,000.
Overall, the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million.
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working.
They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
Claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce the salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in Britain.
Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year.
Butland hopes Kane can help him emulate Iker Casillas at the tournament.
Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Kim Kardashian, 34, was pictured dining with husband, Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Monday.
Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page, writing that he had joined Kanye and Kim 'to toast and celebrate hosting them'
But the next day, only Kanye and Mr Barkat were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar.
Kim, meanwhile, was obscured by a copy of the $692 bill.
And in another photo, the Keeping Up with the Kardash
Study highlights areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground.
Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence'
Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
Presley, who allegedly killed four people had originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust' after killing the first man.
The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match.
The Bayern boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
Bayern booked a place in the semi-finals of the competition.
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.
With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 – a condition which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture'
Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season.
The German thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday lunchtime.
Sara Martin, 37, from Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2010.
She hadn't spoken for weeks after her health declined due to terminal cancer.
But one day, she uttered a single word: 'Florida'
Now, her family is taking her to Sarasota, south-west Florida, today.
They have rented an RV for 1,000-mile, 18-hour trip to the coastal city.
Mrs Martin, who uses a wheelchair to get around, has not spoken again since.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers.
Researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday during the annual RSA security conference in California.
Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London.
She accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine.
Just last week, Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected.
Scientists have included protection against two new strains of influenza.
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere.
High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Brazilian teams are on alert after a dengue fever outbreak.
Three players have already been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease.
Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Aiken, 36, is the loser in a November contest to represent the Second District of North Carolina in Congress.
He body-slammed Rep. Renee Ellmers, 51, on Monday's Howard Stern Show, calling her a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot'
Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November.
Aiken is already planning the third act in his political play, telling Stern that he's planning a future bid for elective office.
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces.
Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed.
Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after.
Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii.
In 1950, they were reburied at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the Punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu.
The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register.
Campbell has joined forces with David Harewood, Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan.
The campaign, run by Operation Black Vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth.
The Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' has been a fan of the brand's designs for years.
She often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company's Style Gallery, an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years.
She wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once'
Miss Bredo admits she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple.
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.
Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land.
The mountain, which already holds 13 telescope facilities, is also the burial ground for previous generations of native Hawaiians.
Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Manny Pacquiao is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
The 36-year-old took to Instagram to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far.
Pacquiao's trainer, Freddie Roach, believes his man is better equipped to beat Mayweather now than he was in 2010.
In 2018, Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS)
Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS -will be 11 self-contained small satellites.
Nasa has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.
The woman, 20, flagged down a car belonging to Mansouri believing he was a taxi driver.
But instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them.
He allegedly took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her.
She managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club.
Initially she tried to forget about the attack, the second sexual assault she had suffered in
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
At Fiji's Namale Resort & Spa, couples start a romantic afternoon picnic in paradise off in a very unusual way.
Wild Dunes Resort in Charleston, South Carolina, has you covered.
Chris Martin and Darren Bent gave Wigan the lead in the second half.
Steve McClaren's side are now eight points adrift in the Championship.
Derby manager is now only looking at promotion via the play-offs.
Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday.
Wanda Group chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia.
Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.
Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia.
His images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors.
Harold Ekeh, 18, moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago.
He has been accepted by all eight Ivy League schools.
It comes a year after another Long Island high schooler, Kwasi Enin, chose Yale.
Harold says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second behind Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain.
Raikkonen is yet to sign his new contract with Ferrari.
Finn has arguably never been happier during his Formula One career.
Anderson Silva says he will compete for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with Brazilian officials.
Silva said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career.
Dele Alli has impressed for MK Dons this season.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham Hotspur for £5m in January.
Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s.
Midfielder was named Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
Lionel Messi was left out of both of Argentina's games during the international break with his swollen foot problem.
The Barcelona star faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play.
ESPN claim that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca last month.
Barcelona are keeping tabs on Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson.
Torino right back Matteo Darmian is linked with a move to Barcelona.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated.
His sons Anthony and Ian have helped the father-of-four shed six stone.
The brothers have a lifelong passion for film so they decided to document their battle to inspire others to do the same.
Stephen Ward should be back in contention for Burnley against Tottenham.
Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after resuming training.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley.
Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up.
Spurs have kept just one clean sheet in their last 13 Premier League away matches.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong on April 1.
Police have released a photo of a bearded young man they want to speak to.
It is one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne Catholic churches with links to paedophile priests.
The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell.
Australian actress Rachel Griffiths said she was 'quite elated' when she heard the 124-year-old James Catholic church had been destroyed by fire.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere.
His pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool.
He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs.
Once he has 50 pictures he uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together.
AP McCoy will be presented with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy.
Ian Wright will hand over the trophy at Sandown on Saturday.
Wright was a player for Arsenal as a striker for seven years.
Thierry Henry was asked to present the award but Sky did not allow it.
Emma Watson turns 25 today and has already carved a career.
The 25-year-old actress has starred in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador.
Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have been friends since 1997.
Neville believes Van Gaal's greatest achievement as a manager is Mourinho.
Mourinho worked under Van Gaal as his assistant manager at Barcelona.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school.
Instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings.
She was presented with an honorary high school diploma 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than England.
Argentine striker has scored 36 goals in the Italian top flight.
Tevez says defending is better on the continent.
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Cody was trapped in a ditch in Belvedere, south London, for six hours.
He was finally freed at 2.55pm by firefighters and taken to stables.
Owner Tracey Hannant said her horse looked like Black Beauty.
She said she thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim.
Dane Bouris was a contender for 2013's Cleo Bachelor of the Year.
He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
Bouris, 33, is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham in February.
Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen.
The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man got out of the passenger seat.
After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man.
Ali then raced through red lights and on the wrong side of road.
He was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court.
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world.
The 28-year-old has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch.
Her normal work day starts from 8am to 2pm, Monday to Friday.
Bonnie's channel has had almost one million views so far.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus federal court.
He had been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment said.
Mohamud's brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the Nusra Front, according to the indictment.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19.
He was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and then immediately alerted authorities.
Valencia was later taken down by an officer who hit him with his vehicle.
The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door.
The father-of-two posted pictures from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?'
He left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter.
Friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over the accident.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with Arsenal.
The 20-year-old signed from Southampton for £16million last summer.
Chambers has already made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands.
But his team banned national media journalists from the event.
Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
Labour dismissed the criticism and said journalists were barred out of respect to worshippers.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon.
She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout.
It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Joan Cheever, founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck.
She was issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial free numbers.
The charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by Ofcom.
EE claims the plan is ill thought out and will make an already struggling industry suffer.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system.
In 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church;'My name is Davion and I've been in foster care since I was born'
This after Davion got into a fight with one of the other children, and the minister sent him back to Florida, and back to live in the foster care system.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday.
There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa.
The elite society boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet.
You too could join if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test.
Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning.
Adam Kirby became the youngest person ever to join Mensa in June 2013.
Survey of 1,830 people by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.
49 per cent think Camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king.
35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, Princess of Wales.
Aides have always insisted the Duchess does not want to be known as Queen.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
The condition means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
Mrs Whitear can't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up.
She was only formally diagnosed three years ago.
James Rodriguez will start against Granada on Sunday.
The Real Madrid star has recovered from a fractured right foot.
Rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games in all competitions.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range.
The Korean tech giant has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts.
But following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) in 2013.
Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon.
He managed to pull down his pants despite being in handcuffs.
Judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Irons, 26, has been in prison since December after assaulting people.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus.
The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing.
Lichtsteiners is expected to line up against Monaco on Wednesday.
The man, known only as Chase, strides purposefully over to his girlfriend.
He drops down on one knee and places a diamond ring on her finger.
The couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter.
Meanwhile their friends filming the video whoop and yell: 'Man this is real'
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney.
Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012.
Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Co-defendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict.
Davis spoke out following the release this week of the first trailer for Black Mass, which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger.
'A lot of the families are very, very upset about this,' Davis said.
The film is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob, written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers.
The initial request was blocked by the FA council.
Owner Assem Allam remains keen on changing his side's name despite fans' anger.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising.
A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use.
The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes.
The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season.
The 28-year-old has suffered 42 injuries and only made 22 appearances.
Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer Diaby a new contract.
Diaby will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg.
He has had four procedures which involved injecting silicone into his penis and scrotum.
The silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' is a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement.
It is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh.
The tomb is famous for standing completely alone, hinting it was intended for someone of great power.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door.
His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them.
The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares inDubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame.
All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor.
The F-35 Lightning II is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code.
It is estimated to cost around $1.5trillion to develop over the next 50 years.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water.
But when the pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire.
Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station.
Local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Manchester United are closing in on a deal for Ilkay Gundogan.
The 24-year-old midfielder has been watched extensively by United.
Louis van Gaal believes Gundogan is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London (UCL) made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.
They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS.
Current World Health Organisation guidelines recommend only beginning HIV treatment when the number of T-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level.
But the new model predicts that treatment should start as soon as possible after infection to prevent AIDS from developing in the long term.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9.
The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of sexual adventurism'
The elevator company said the would fight the claims, while the building owners' corporation wouldn't comment on the lawsuit.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button.
Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers.
If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call.
This is a feature built into most phones already.
The app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few'
But in January Ed Balls warned the idea would cost the country money.
Non-dom status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas.
But Mr Miliband argues non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad.
Ukip leader admitted he had to 'confess' he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India.
Comes after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back.
Ukip has fallen behind the Tories and Labour in a poll of 10 target constituencies.
Deputy PM Nick Clegg accused Mr Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' character.
Train was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday.
Its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail.
The train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to Grand Central Station.
Service on the 7 line was suspended for just less than two hours.
Ravel Morrison has posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on his official Instagram account.
The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems.
Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in UK in 2040.
Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
Robert F Kennedy Jr is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in California that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal and a rise in autism among American children.
Kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in Oregon stop a similar measure in that state.
Traditional Chinese Medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
It is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing affect it will have.
Such wisdom is widespread in Guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages.
A movement of fledgling organisations such as the South China Nature Society is challenging centuries of tradition by trying to change consumer appetites in the country.
SNL writers joked that CNN's animations look like they belong in 1985.
It was seemingly inspired by a much-derided, clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit door.
The problems continued when CNN was unable to get a fly-on-the-wall view of Iran's nuclear negotiations.
Bab al-Aziziya compound in Tripoli used to intimidate Libyans.
It was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago.
Now, only shabby outbuildings are left on the palace grounds.
Rebels hastily bulldozed much of the compound when they captured it in 2011.
Lionel Messi has a place at Barcelona until 'he decides to retire', claim club president Josep Maria Bartomeu.
Messi was linked with a move away from the Nou Camp earlier this year.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator.
A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
He appears to look at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
The gator was safely hauled out of the pond, although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly 'aggressive'
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park.
The pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time.
Manchester United are currently second in the Premier League.
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979.
Etan's body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings.
Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England.
But actual number affected by their mother' s drinking could be far greater.
World Health Organisation suggests one in 100 babies born in UK could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems.
Staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar.
Workers who found the baby called the police and ambulance.
The woman, Yuan Yen, 34, was found to have blood on her.
She was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect.
More than 1,000 passengers formed a 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night.
Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India.
Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris.
But chairman Steve Parish has insisted he will remain involved.
He says Alan Pardew will have funds to improve the squad in the summer.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.
Substitute Dimitar Berbatov was brought on to try and change things.
Auxerre beat Guingamp 1-0 to reach the French Cup final.
Hadas from Eritrea, Africa, had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old.
She says she doesn't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure.
The barbaric practice is said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night.
He was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows.
The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing.
Father, pastor Kevin Clark, claimed his son had been 'driving erratically'
He is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
Jennifer, 46, works out three times a week with her long-term trainer.
Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
When she stays at a hotel, Aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her.
Chelsea trained at their base in Cobham on Friday ahead of Arsenal clash.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points behind Arsenal in the Premier League.
Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea at the Emirates.
Diego Costa is a doubt for the clash due to injury.
Eden Hazard is in line to be named PFA Player of the Year.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday.
Ozil missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him.
The German needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag.
Arsenal legend Thierry Henry says they need a new spine.
Sarah Flower says it's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods.
'The typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden,' she said.
Other factors to consider include your ability to absorb the food.
Pregnancy, ill health and the elderly may need more support.
A Ferrari driver was left counting the cost in Adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night.
The passenger was badly injured after the driver of the Ferrari smashed into the tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton.
Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said that speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome.
The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan had desperately wanted to fit in at school.
Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition.
Last August, just a week after going on a school trip as part of the National Citizen Service, the teenager was found hanged in her bedroom.
Activists boarded the Polar Pioneer in the Pacific Ocean on Monday.
They plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling.
Shell said it has met with groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores and'respect their views'
The move comes just days after the U.S. Interior Department upheld a 2008 lease sale in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska.
Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.
The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west.
One-year-old Bol and four-year old twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water.
Father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is innocent as she is a 'good mother'
This comes as the family of
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat.
She was discovered at Otago University and started her modelling career.
Has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of ASOS, Alexander McQueen, H&M, River Island and Urban Outfitters.
Jaguars are committed to a home game each year in London until 2015.
A competition for UK-based fans is being run via nfluk.com.
The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK.
It will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the United States.
Manchester City players have backed Patrick Vieira to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the youth team hasn't gone unnoticed too.
City's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola.
Guardiola will listen to offers from English clubs to join in time for the start of the 2016/17 season.
Patti Boyd, 71, has tied the knot for the third time with Rod Weston.
She was married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past.
Patti, a former Vogue cover girl, has had some of the most high-profile relationships of all time.
The body of Anna Ragin, 65, was found in the Richmond area of San Francisco.
It is believed to be that of her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn.
Neighbors said the home was covered in debris, including dog feces.
Police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to the swimming pool to continue his preparations.
The 38-year-old boxer completed a few lengths of a swimming pool.
Mayweather Jnr is expected to fight Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns.
The parody posts are written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five.
A prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray told investigators that he believed the 25-year-old was trying to hurt himself, according to a leaked police report.
The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous.
Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow.
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk.
She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest.
The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box.
Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost said he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on CCTV footage.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 in Evo-Stik Northern Premier.
The Rebels are now two promotions away from the Football League.
FC will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in May.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips said.
Phillips says she regrets making her mother undergo chemotherapy against her will when her breast cancer progressed to the point that she could not enjoy her life.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season.
The trio have cost £19million and are not exactly surprise packages.
England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Dani Alves has been offered a new Barcelona deal according to his agent.
The full-back's contract expires in the summer.
Manchester United and Liverpool are keeping tabs on the Brazil international.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race aged nine, according to a new North Korean school textbook.
The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
 Subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures.
The collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100.
Some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time.
The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate '370H55V'
Texan Department for Motor Vehicles saw it spelled 'A**HOLE' upside-down.
Mr Hassan said he disagreed with the judgement and plans to appeal.
The 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends.
It's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.
Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode in January.
National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
The report states that extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours.
Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration as a medicine.
But studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Francis Bakvis discovered a dead scrub python, which contained the remains of his family cat Tiger.
The 3.5 metre long snake had been missing for three days.
Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on his Clifton Beach property in 15 years of living there.
Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.
The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'
She has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger'
Pressure group the Taxpayers' Alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket'
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a Solana Beach, California elementary school.
Doshay is the son of a prominent San Diego businessman who focuses on charitable causes with his wife.
He is currently being held without bail at the Vista jail.
His lawyer Paul Pfingst said he told his client's parents not to show up at the hearing since it would be short.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley on Friday.
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club.
Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos in 1997.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted.
'He has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time,' she said.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical'
She said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons.
Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
He was a close friend of Colin Cosheril, 63, whose sudden death from heart failure last year is being also being looked at.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year.
They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their suspensions reduced by one match apiece.
Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one.
Both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, was swimming.
He got into difficulty while swimming with four friends in Hampstead Heath.
Witnesses said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched.
They were reportedly heard shouting to ambulance crews on the side.
It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock.
His body was found five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water's edge.
Floyd Mayweather Jr will take on Manny Pacquiao on Saturday night.
Mayweather is boxing's undisputed world champion.
The 38-year-old has fought the best fighters of his generation.
He has won titles at five different weights.
Washington Wizards move 2-0 ahead on Toronto Raptors with 117-106 win.
LeBron James scores 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Dallas Mavericks.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Houston Rockets 111-99 at the Toyota Center.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas Dallas Mavericks 110-99 in Houston.
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience.
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts.
Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of Concierge & Events by Victoria, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events.
Brown and Hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today’s luxury travel business.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire.
The semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever.
Mr Bowes has won £30,000 in an out-of-court settlement after a two-year battle with Dr Crees.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce wants the club to qualify for Europe next season through Fair Play.
The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League.
West Ham sit ninth ahead of Saturday's match with bottom-club Leicester City.
Prelate sacked from religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted authorities.
Dossier contains alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats.
Priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played Judas Escariot.
Man, 32, claims he was contacted by the unnamed priest six months ago on Facebook.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in fourth place.
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
Henderson is targeting an immediate response at Blackburn on Wednesday.
Little girl appears to be around six or seven in bright pink jumper and trainers.
She tells man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, before firing rounds.
But whether she has actually hit anything is unclear in minute-long video.
ISIS are known for using young recruits to carry out executions, fight and even become suicide bombers.
Greece has repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director, has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out.
The fund's Europe chief reportedly told his executive board that negotiations were not going as hoped.
Time lapse video shows flooding at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south.
The flooding forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line.
About 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city.
12 local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones.
Thousands of people remain stranded in parts of New South Wales.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients.
It claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them.
The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl.
Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her.
She 'intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels, but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims Ronan Farrow was her brother.
Rumours about the parentage of her son Ronan, 27, have long dogged the actress.
Mia Farrow had previously admitted the singer may be the father of her Ronan.
Divock Origi has been following Liverpool's progress from across the English Channel.
The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £10million deal.
Origi has scored seven times in Ligue 1 this season.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the FLDS sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago.
She finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.
But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members.
Tetzner left the sect a year after leader Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men and underage women in the religion.
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title.
Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be considered.
Hazard has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances this season.
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs in the ruins of the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud.
The seven-minute expertly edited video purportedly shows Islamic State destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins.
Attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Islamic State militants have been destroying ancient relics on several sites, daying they promote idolatry that violate their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama.
It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months.
She says it is the best and most life changing thing that has ever happened to her.
One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour.
Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
No final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup at Wembley.
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for Villa.
Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS.
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size.
Powerful pulses from the laser would push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up.
Without going into specifics, the team says their proposal could remove ‘most’ of the centimetre-sized debris in earth orbit within five years of operation.
MailOnline has asked the
Families on High Green estate in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons.
CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate.
One brave neighbour who confronted the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen.
The Bosnian defender was involved in a brawl with security personnel.
Spahic was incensed that security personnel wouldn't let his friends into the players changing rooms.
Leverkusen announced it was cooperating fully with the investigation.
Andrea Dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting.
The 33-year-old was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on Tuesday.
Dossena scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
He has been capped by Italy on 10 occasions.
Thierry Henry hailed the display of Francis Coquelin in Arsenal's 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor.
The former Gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old 'Columbo'
Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient, Freiburg and most recently Charlton.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing.
Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire'
Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president.
'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking.
She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day.
But viewers of ITV1's This Morning were amazed as therapists broke down her phobia with their no-nonsense approach.
They have now helped 60 people overcome there fears and phobias live on TV.
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'
The consultants claim to work with politicians to build 'leadership skills'
Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look 'authentic'
Mr Miliband has consistently lagged behind David Cameron in polls.
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg near his home in Khost, Afghanistan.
His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack.
He says it is one of several attempts made to kill or kidnap him.
The 26-year-old says he has been dismissed by the British Government.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.
Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime.
The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he
Manchester City were deemed to have breached FFP regulations.
The Premier League champions were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season.
Vincent Kompany has hit back at the FFP rulings.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday.
The Toffees are 11 points clear of the relegation zone.
Roberto Martinez's side face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
First Minister forced to admit MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy next year.
Move would leave £7.6billion black hole in Scotland's finances, according to experts.
She walked into trap set by Labour leader Jim Murphy, who warned this would leave a catastrophic hole in the country's budget.
Miss Sturgeon struggled once again in a TV election clash screened by the BBC.
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River.
They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany.
Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A with 10 games remaining.
Massimiliano Allegri has guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals.
Roma host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home.
Three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy.
This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet.
The Hull manager was snapped holidaying in Barbados with Alan Shearer.
Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent.
Australia head coach Michael Cheika is aware his pack is being written off.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in September.
England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham.
Smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women.
On a date in the 1990s, the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation, food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill.
While on a date it is considered rude to leave your phone on the table.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Liverpool and PSV Eindhoven are interested in the 21-year-old.
Ronald de Boer believes Depay is one of the best talents in Europe.
Depay has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by Tim Henman.
Mourinho said he felt like he was British when Andy Murray won.
The Chelsea manager described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam'
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The 47-year-old was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Klopp has been linked with several other English teams in the past.
He has a long-standing interest in working at the club.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds.
They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change.
But not everyone is convinced.
Jake Malone, 60, met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website.
She lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company.
He decided to pay her a visit but found her office had been closed for years.
Mr Malone flew 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen in a desperate bid to track down her.
The pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months.
A new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe Hillary Clinton is honest and trustworthy.
Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
The murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars Bill Clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of U.S. State Department actions while his wife ran the agency.
In one case a foundation run by the chairman of Uranium One, a nuclear energy company tied to Russia, gave the Clintons
Bristol City Council has been slammed for ripping up 12,000 cobbles.
Cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half.
The road runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century.
Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt on February 9.
The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him.
Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student, a teacher said on Thursday.
Designer Abigail Ahern's new book, Colour, is out now.
Inspired by 'glammed-up neutrals' she says white hallways wouldn't have the same effect.
Here are her top ten tips to colour confidence.
Victorino Chua, 49, is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He is also accused of deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
In 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English, he wrote: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
Chua's lawyers say the document is not a criminal confession but an 'outlet for his anger and frustration'
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne.
The Spaniard will now face Germany's Andrea Petkovic in the last four.
Petkovic beat 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4,6-2.
Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression.
The Minister for Investment and Trade battled depression for 43 years.
He said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach.
Mr Robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun because it would give him a 'hit of endorphins'
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia.
His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood.
He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, is suing Columbia University.
He is accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts.
Sulkowicz publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment.
Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Wesley Sneijder launched his knife range in Galatasaray colours on Saturday.
Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in 2000.
A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet.
Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video stealing from passenger luggage.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft.
Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
There have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010, with most of these coming from checked luggage.
Visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge.
Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in April.
Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time this season.
But City have blown their chances of retaining their title.
Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape.
UK Oil & Gas Investments claimed 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath Weald Basin.
Company claimed it could be sitting on oil reserve larger than North Sea.
But firm has now admitted it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath region.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car in downtown Atlanta.
At one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, critically wounding her.
She was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital but died from her injuries.
Eyewitnesses said Christian had been handcuffed and must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun.
Amanda Holden will host the new show on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre in Birmingham.
On Give A Pet A Home, she and her co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured.
The show is to inspire families to share her love of furry animals and to adopt one as a pet.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am'
In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to 'use the people at home'
Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen.
She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
It was David Shuff, who met Barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home, that finally reunited the one-time famous dancer with her videos.
Camilla Lawrence, a Women’s Health Physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now.
But she warns that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body.
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead Monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning.
The incident took place in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County, Maryland.
Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys.
Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed to Delmarva Now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16.
Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday in Lambourn, Berkshire.
Trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup.
The gelding will have to carry only an extra pound.
Footage appears to show a homophobic chant about Ashley Cole.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
Cole currently plays for Serie A club Roma in Italy after leaving Chelsea last year.
Helen Flanagan, 24, has completely transformed her style since she revealed she was pregnant.
Danielle Lloyd, 31, is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child in 2013.
Blake Lively, 27, and Angelina Jolie, 39, have all adopted boho maternity style.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life.
Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey'
She was convicted by a jury in White Plains, New York, last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship.
The 29-year-old would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible.
Evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion.
Ally McCoist was axed as Rangers manager in December.
The record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground.
John Brown says that the fans love him and he'd always be welcomed back.
Stuart McCall is now in charge of the Scottish Championship side.
Argentina says it is taking legal action against three British and two US companies.
It accuses them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands'subjected to the illegitimate British occupation'
It follows a provocative speech by Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep told People.
The wedding took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Goldsmiths Union banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting.
Organiser Bahar Mustafa said it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women.
Unions later backed down after a backlash from students.
Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave at the end of next season.
Aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011.
Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder have been brought in to work alongside head coach Stuart Gray.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born.
Her parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turning a yellowy tinge.
Doctors discovered the baby's bile ducts were blocked, a condition that can prove fatal if untreated.
After an unsuccessful attempt to unclog them, a liver transplant was the family's only option.
Star underwent the operation in November and, after spending six weeks in hospital, returned home where she has since made a good recovery.
James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations.
The 29-year-old former Dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping.
Lockwood has spent the last three seasons with Featherstone.
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
There were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in German.
But subsequent scans have shown it is a minor ankle sprain.
The 6-6in German is likely to be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista.
Liverpool have scored just 45 goals - compared to 84 at the same stage last season.
Only Crystal Palace and Crystal Palace have top scorers with fewer Premier League goals than Liverpool.
Diego Costa is the joint top scorer in the Premier League with 19 goals this season.
Ivan Rakitic and Raquel Mauri married in 2013.
The Croatia international earns millions playing for Barcelona.
Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi has also taken to Instagram to confirm that he will soon be a father for the second time.
A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, on Wednesday.
The site told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager has been removed'
Slager has since been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back on Saturday.
A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform.
As of Thursday at
Chancellor met Henry the Hoover at campaign stop in Somerset.
He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the hoover brands.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out.
The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham.
QPR go to the home of Sherwood's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three.
A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Heather Mack,19, is accused of the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
Sheila was born last month at a prison hospital in Bali.
Prosecutors have asked judges in the holiday resort to jail Mack for 15 years.
Mack has said that she intends to keep Stella with her until the child is two.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama.
He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography, Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday.
They were killed when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car.
Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence - death resulting, and death resulting.
Couple's six-year-old daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, was left orphaned after crash.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them.
Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived.
Authorities have since identified the shooter as 38-year-old Robert Washington of Rialto, California.
The two other men in the 1994 Cadillac were taken into custody.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006.
But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless.
Nine years on the Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood as an actor.
The first round of Championship fixtures this summer begin on Sunday.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title.
Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion.
Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested.
Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress.
German club have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City.
The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers.
It took several days for the loo to be completed.
The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during Changing of the Guard.
He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin.
Unfortunately for him, the entire incident was caught on camera.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
In a rare case for Hollywood the film was actually shot in the island.
The sheer sublime beauty of the island recalls elements of Tuscany but it's by no means perfect.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC.
Documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales.
At least 35 workers have been killed at a dairy factory in Yemen as Saudi Arabian warplanes continue to bomb rebel positions.
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, ONS figures show.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes logged - up by a third.
Experts say rise was partly because victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes.
High-profile convictions of Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall have made victims feel more confident about coming forward.
Supercar salesman Saba Syed sells luxury cars to the super rich.
She says more and more women are coming into the showroom.
Supercars: The Million Pound Motors airs on Channel 4 tonight.
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student.
The lawsuit alleges that he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship.
Koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted.
Marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS.
It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
David Alderson, 72, was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in January last year.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat him and left him to drown.
They then used his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he kept guns.
Police originally thought he had fallen from his bike because he was dressed in lycra.
Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned.
Aston Villa striker is hoping to return to action against Manchester City.
The 28-year-old missed Villa’s semi-final victory over Liverpool.
Nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother.
The child was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes.
His adoptive mother Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
She told his school she was'strict' with him and was trying to correct habits.
The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over the conflict in Ukraine.
Last month, Moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad for'major military exercise'
Odion Ighalo gave Watford the lead after just four minutes.
Matthew Connolly doubled Forest's advantage with an acrobatic clearance.
Gary Gardner scored for Nottingham Forest to half the deficit with 72 minutes to play.
Almen Abdi scored Watford's third goal in the closing stages.
Watford have leapfrogged Middlesbrough into third, behind Norwich in second on goal difference.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, are spending £10,000 on trip to Las Vegas.
Pregnant mother of 11 is said to be planning to renew wedding vows.
Couple claim £39,192 in benefits a year on top of husband's £1,600 salary.
They are planning to fly to U.S. in March for two-week 'no expense spared' break.
The dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a Melbourne road.
A red ute with P-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection.
Moments later, the ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake.
Three young people got out to confront the threatened driver.
The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School.
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal.
He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, became close friends during treatment.
They took to social media to post images of themselves - including bald head.
But these were reported for being 'offensive' and 'offensive', Miss Williams said.
Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
She regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on Facebook.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from his Surrey home.
Burglars targeted the property in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based.
Essien left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014 after eight seasons.
Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour on the same day.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head.
Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank actor Mark Wahlberg for stopping by to see the Filipino going through his paces.
The bout will be a reported £160million mega-fight.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
The video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf'
He calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group.
Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas.
The rain was heavy at Monday night's NRL game between Cronulla Sharks and the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Spectators captured the rain water-falling off the top of the grandstand as fans tried to stay dry under any cover they could find.
One man even decided to try his hand a boogie boarding through the floodwaters at what looks to be a local park due to the fact all the beaches were closed.
The Bureau of Meteorology has asked people to prepare for the worst weather in five years.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli.
The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand.
Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title.
Chris Froome finished back in 123rd after a fall.
Froome was involved in a crash in the final 12 kilometres.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October.
He contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved.
When animals are brought in, Rademenes goes up to them and supports them.
A shocking'resurrection ceremony' for a two-year-old dead boy at a Texas church has been caught on camera.
In the clip capturing the attempted resurrection, the boy identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of Texas pastor's wife Aracely Meza.
The witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons, according to pastors.
Aracely Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission.
Newcastle United lost 2-0 to Liverpool in the Tyne-Wear derby.
Jack Colback says the club's fans deserve more than they get.
The midfielder was one of the only players who deserves credit this season.
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes.
She and her two daughters stole from high street stores and sold them online.
Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments.
One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
Bainbridge jailed for 30 months, her daughter Claire, 21, for 20 months and other daughter Caitlyn, 19, to 16 months behind bars.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker Phillip Pama.
Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Pama covered his face as he left Brisbane Magistrate Courts where he was granted conditional bail on Friday.
May Wong's four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe.
She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton.
The pair have travelled on planes, trains, cars and ferries across the world.
Among the landmarks they have visited are the Eiffel Tower, New York’s Central Park and the Berlin Wall.
Reading lost 1-0 to Birmingham in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season for Birmingham.
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the last four of the Cup on Saturday.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband.
He struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
After working at Microsoft, he moved over to Threadflip.
But he realized it might not be the goal he was aiming for.
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year.
The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer.
Mr Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep.
The child had to give evidence for a second time at Manchester Crown Court.
Judge was confronted with claim that he had slept through part of cross-examination.
Incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the trial of John Quingley.
Quingley, 49, was found guilty of child sex charges and jailed for 14 years.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer.
If he is, he will have left little behind at Manchester City.
City's squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved.
Vincent Kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons.
Emma Dickson, 31, was meant to be planning her wedding to fiancé Dougie, 26.
But she was rushed to hospital with two blood clots in her lungs.
The clots then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
It left her with bruises on her arms and hair falling out.
She now must take blood thinning drugs for the rest of her life.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana, India.
Virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry.
India has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond.
Author Jon Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night.
Miss Belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players, but they were never charged.
Under state law, a victim cannot give consent to sex if he or she is'mentally defective or incapacitated'
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights.
Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Michael Carrick has been consistently overlooked by England.
Sir Alex Ferguson signed Carrick for £18million in 2006.
He has a 100 per cent record with England at the World Cup.
Carrick has won four Premier League titles, a Champions League, and played in two other Champions League finals.
Women ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but this widens to £10,000.
On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men.
They also ask for below what they could typically expect to earn in their industry.
East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.
Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
The company say they are now repairing bags worth £20,000 every day at the clinic on Kings Road in Chelsea London.
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years.
More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010.
Experts at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists have called for more research to try and better understand women's motivations.
A labiaplasty is a surgical procedure to reduce the size of the labia minora – the flaps of skin either side of the vaginal opening.
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium.
James Collins and Sergio Aguero scored for the champions.
Sportsmail's Chris Wheeler rates the players' performances.
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos'
Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
The Modern Family star is currently fighting back in the bitter battle with ex Nick Loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in November 2013.
Loeb filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos.
It's been reported that he wants to use them to have
The Weekend Australian carried tributes to 'the face of cricket'
The Age had a special tribute edition to Benaud on Saturday.
Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964.
His final commentary in England was at the 2005 Ashes series.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He added: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Mr Dodd's post was met with widespread condemnation on social media.
Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the supporter.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer.
The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Sterling has revealed that he'd love his very own chant from the Kop.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Tingey, 18, became a hit on YouTube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against Swindon.
Wiltshire, also 18, is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 red balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield.
The 96 balloons commemorate the 96 supporters who lost their lives at the Hillsborough disaster 26 years ago.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended.
A host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher attended.
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002.
He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years.
The museum in Bloomsbury, central London, received 6.7 million visitors in 2014/15.
Efe Obada has been signed by the Dallas Cowboys.
The 22-year-old only took up American football last year.
Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp.
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract.
Trainee police officer will star in Curvy Kate's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue.
She will be joining the brand's curvy line-up and starring in the Mediterranean shoot.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
But he was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast.
Most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island.
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards.
She's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process.
The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
The 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April 13, but Barbara McGrath says that doesn't include 'numerous' partial days.
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer.
Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
The disposition of the case was not immediately known.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one in Slovakia.
Vile trade also includes sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
In some cases, 'customers' from outside EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
Migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in UK to raise child.
Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials.
It offers deeply disturbing insight into how huge market has opened up in'modern slave trade'
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam.
Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic.
Here, Sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of The Masters WAGS.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 35th minute.
Jason Puncheon doubled the lead in the second half.
Yaya Toure pulled one back for Manchester City.
City are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Pregnant woman and partner were stranded off the coast of Kent yesterday.
A man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent.
HM Customs cutter Valiant was able to locate the upturned vessel.
It stood by the vessel until an RNLI lifeboat arrived to pick them up.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies.
But the actress says she's 'not a gym person'
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday when Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under.
Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of five teenagers arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, the 18-year-old who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
Actor, 61, says Scientology has helped him'save lives' including his own.
Says it has been a support system for his family for four decades.
Comes amid allegations that church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from Travolta's sessions with auditors.
Documentary alleges members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps.
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone.
She assumed she must have an allergy and switched brands.
But when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats.
Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
The most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea.
Ramsey then witnessed Cesc Fabregas' late winner.
The Hoops boss turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts.
Chelsea moved seven points clear of nearest challengers Arsenal.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico.
Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whales - the Eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of US, and the much rarer Western gray whale.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator.
He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night.
Jackson has been through a stressful fight to make UFC comeback.
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters.
The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.
Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two people briefed on her statement.
12% of people questioned thought the child should be named after William's mother.
Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine% of the vote.
If the child is a boy then 13% would like him to be called James.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police.
She was a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War.
They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester.
After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month.
Her husband followed two days later aged 94.
Sale Sharks winger Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale.
Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion.
Richard Palframan made his first Premiership start for the hosts.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.
Images show the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
The dramatic changes, in a cosmic blink of an eye relative to the age of the universe, is giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website.
Comes after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show for 'unprovoked' attack.
BBC say change is to reflect fact none of the presenters are currently in contract.
Hammond and May are selling off a dozen bikes from classic motor cycle collections.
Puno is a city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca.
It is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one.
The Uros Islands are made from totora reeds.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead.
Police say the parent, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt.
McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day.
She has been charged with second-degree assault and second-degree strangulation.
Derry Mathews' world title challenge is in limbo after Richar Abril withdrew.
The Cuban was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool.
Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city.
Daphne Selfe, 86, has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories.
She stars alongside Flo Dron, 22, and has never had any surgery.
Says she has good genes and maintains a healthy lifestyle.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series.
The Yorkshireman broke clear of the field during the cycle and in the run.
Brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from Javier Gomez.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.
Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
University of Hawaii spokesman Dan Meisenzahl said in a telephone interview that the university is saddened about the arrests, but that access to site must be maintained.
Five nursing students tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia.
Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.
The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames.
All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site.
Target's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning.
The 250-piece collaboration attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened.
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay - but those cruising the bidding site shouldn't expect to see the same original low prices paid by Target customers.
Karl Lagerfeld, 82, said his Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year.
That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, who earned £ 2.4million.
Lagerfeld said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany.
He said she was 'too sophisticated' to be used to advertise food for other cats.
Choupette has her own Twitter and Instagram accounts.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up.
Each time the dog nibbles the portioned fry up, more laughter ensues.
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world.
They found out the real stories behind each and every one of them.
Las Vegas is known as Sin City - but the nickname dates back to a building.
Singapore, or 'Lion City', is another interesting one.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent.
Valegro won the world title in Lyon last year.
Sofia Abramovich, 18, has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram.
She said she is going to turn their negativity into positivity.
The middle child of Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich's five children.
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has faced.
The Liverpool midfielder was dismissed during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to Manchester United last month.
Fellaini also praised Wayne Rooney and Phil Jagielka.
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles.
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food.
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today.
The latest research was conducted by Dr Elena Temereva.
She came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' Lingula anatina.
Today, humans and many other organisms are bilaterally symmetric.
Alastair Cook has failed to score a Test century since May 2013.
The England captain is unbeaten in four Tests and has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors.
Cook's hopes of remaining England captain in the Ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to secure a vital point.
Tim Sherwood's side are currently bottom of the Premier League.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital.
The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs.
Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Chancellor refused to rule out further cuts for Britain's top earners.
Instead he says the Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500.
Raising 40 per cent tax so that it only applies to those earning at least £50,000 was also a priority.
Abase Hussen admitted taking his daughter Amira to a rally when she was 13.
The teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by Al-Muhajiroun.
Mr Hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to Syria.
He admitted going to two further rallies with his impressionable daughter in tow.
The lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment.
He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence.
But he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident.
Koeltl also noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers'
Clare Hines, then 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures.
One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant.
She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her tumour.
'I thought this is meant to happen and maybe this baby is going to be my strength to get me through,' she said.
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire.
A 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on police bail.
The woman has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.
Her body was discovered at around 10.21pm on Sunday in the marina.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi.
Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player's advisor.
Rodgers said he would be inclined to stay at Liverpool if left to make a decision.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.
Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene.
When the following pictures were posted to Facebook, users theorized that the swarm was a mix of Blacktip and Spinner sharks.
Jose Mourinho will play Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas against QPR.
The pair are one booking away from a two-game ban.
Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday's London derby at Loftus Road.
The Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces.
Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force.
Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire.
Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage on property.
He falsely claimed wife Jeanette, 49, worked as company executive.
But his family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood in town.
Doyle, described as 'well-known and colourful character' in his native Salford, jailed for 16 years.
Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of date rape who is advocating for 'yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country.
The law defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Amanda blamed herself for years after her sexual assault because never actually said 'No', even though she wasn't a willing participant.
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year.
More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
The controversial measure was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers.
A photograph circulating on social media site SnapChat is believed to show a principal watching pornography in his office.
Andrew Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
Mr Barr is a former chairman of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia and served 10 years as principal of Scotch Oakburn College in Melbourne.
James Staring, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat.
The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy.
She was told she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.
The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs.
Her baby died in utero three days later after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman claims that the world's oldest pyramid is hidden under rubble in West Java.
If true, the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation.
The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta.
Dr Hilman believes the reason the site is so revered is that it
Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter.
It shows fighters celebrating capturing of northwestern Syrian town of Jisr al-Shughour.
Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city.
The city was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra and other groups of Islamist militants.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday.
Mourinho was pitchside at Motspur Park with son Jose Junior.
Porto progressed to the Premier League International Cup final.
Chelsea are 10 points above closest challengers Arsenal with six games to play.
William Smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother.
Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was then 44 years old.
The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss.
They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap.
William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn.
Andy Lee's bout with Peter Quillin will no longer be a title fight.
The 30-year-old Irishman was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year.
Quillin failed to make required 160 lbs weight ensuring the battle at the Barclays Center will have no title on the line.
William Beggs, 54, is known as the Limbs in the Loch killer.
He is serving a life sentence for raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace.
The teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond.
His head was dumped in the sea off the Ayrshire coast.
Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready.
City may look to cherry-pick the best youngsters from their top-flight rivals.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players.
Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley have also been linked with City.
Boston United beat Tamworth 2-0 in the Conference North on Monday.
Jake Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench.
His on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street.
Hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating Lindsay Lohan.
Campaign aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress.
Photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign.
The images are accompanied by the manifesto which states that no piece of clothing means 'yes'
The campaign asks women to join the movement by uploading their images to Instagram using the hashtag #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes.
Seven out of 10 business chiefs at Britain's biggest companies think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain, a survey has revealed.
The poll of 35 business chairman is a further blow to Labour which is struggling to repair its relationship with big business.
Mr Miliband last week vowed to ban 90 per cent of zero-hours contracts.
He also unveiled proposals to make it easier for workers to take their bosses to court for unfair dismissal.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed.
No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the floor.
A small electric motor will drive its front wheels.
The German automaker resurrected its beloved Beetle in 1997, after various iterations of the model were made for over six decades, between 1938 and 2003.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple is listed on the internet auction site.
It is listed with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47)
For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change.
The seller, called ‘theappleipodbay’ calls the watch, which was made by Quartz and released to promote Apple’s Mac Operating system, a 'rare collector item'
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both smashed the 35-goal mark this season.
The two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals.
Solanke could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend.
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.
Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers.
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov.
He is one of five Chechan men who have been accused of killing the opposition leader.
Dadaev was the only one who confessed to the killing last month.
Human rights activist Andrei Babushkin said he had abrasions on his body.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime.
He was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992.
The 70-year-old has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
A new report claims Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the 'wrong man' not been sent to prison.
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.
Southampton are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth.
Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham.
Vatican is training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions.
The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
Experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young.
The mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK.
All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka.
He may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days.
Stuart Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball.
Broad can expect to face a barrage of short deliveries from the likes of Mitchell Johnson in the Ashes.
Memo for members of Congress states UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the US.
It also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
The'special relationship' between Britain and the US was strong under Thatcher and Reagan.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.
The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content.
But experts say the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect.
In Western Europe, around 0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each.
He uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords.
The blades would have been the type used by warriors in the Han Dynasty.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties.
He will borrow phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader.
Sip subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off most expensive properties.
The Los Angeles-based lingerie brand has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations.
The brand now encourages customers to shop online.
Frederick's of Hollywood Group Inc. was founded in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s.
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Kardashian's Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian.
She has used her celebrity status to bring awareness to the genocide since at least 2011.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network has come under fire for comparing vaccinations to rape.
The image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April.
It shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture.
Social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault.
Robert Durst, 71, accused of illegal gun possession in New Orleans.
Defense team expected to challenge case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without warrant.
Judge raged at lawyers for being unprepared as they requested to delay hearing.
Durst, who is worth up to $100 million, awaiting extradition to California.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through gates.
She started ranting at staff at Leicester Square station in central London.
Hussain denied assaulting the two workers, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own.
But she has been found guilty and ordered to pay £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals this season.
Verratti believes his input off the pitch is just as important.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, allegedly conspired with her 20-year-old soldier boyfriend to have her mother killed, texting him hours before the woman was stabbed to death, 'I want her gone'
Cheryl Silvonk, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15.
Her eighth-grader boyfriend, Army Spc Caleb Barnes, was previously charged with homicide.
Barnes, who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, confessed to stabbing Cheryl in the neck multiple times while they were
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in the Champions League this season.
Lionel Messi has eight in the competition this term; one fewer than Luiz Adriano.
Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League.
Football Shirt Friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of The Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK.
Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore.
Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested in Philadelphia on Friday as she tried to join ISIS.
She was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home.
Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case.
They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The Portland, Oregon-based band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington Redskins should lose its trademarks.
Scottish First Minister said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour.
Comments raise prospect of Labour ruling as minority government despite winning fewer votes.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become PM even if he falls far short of a majority.
Her comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in latest polls.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the role of director of England cricket.
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday.
Vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium.
Fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol during their 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula.
The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two away games behind closed doors.
Last month, fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants.
Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova won the men's singles at Roland Garros last year.
But the tournament remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
The main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds.
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with.
The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night.
Winnie was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress, which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels.
The U.S. Supreme Court's arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay.
rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating.
to 1996.
In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in.
2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored.
that.
law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
The Supreme Court declined to intervene,.
most notably in
Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles.
The turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on Earth Day.
Patient is being treated for suspected rabies in Northern Ireland hospital.
Public Health Agency confirmed the person had recently travelled.
Results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until next week.
Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.
Travel referral service Zicasso is offering a luxury tour of some of the country's most historical, and most beautiful, cities.
Visitors will spend three nights in the Andalusian capital, Seville, including a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral.
The former Muslim fort of Alcazar is the next stop, where the palace, celebrated for its Mudejar architecture, is one of the oldest in service.
Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the National.
The former England rugby captain was beaming from ear-to-ear.
Tindall won the Grand National in 2009, when steering Mon Mome to a 100/1 success.
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen.
The Danish midfielder has been with girlfriend for almost three years.
Eriksen has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach William Hill Scottish Cup final.
David Raven scored the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time.
The 30-year-old defender hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true'
Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off for bringing down Marley Watkins.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago.
The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there.
It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois.
She was killed alongside husband Clem, 84, and also injured her husband, 84.
Photograph was taken around 1980 to feature in church directory.
Widower Clem Schultz was in the house with his wife when the storm struck.
But he was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy after she was spotted wandering.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death.
Dellinger drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV.
The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29, instantly.
During the first day of what is expected to be a two-day sentencing, the former executive at PPG Industries Inc told the court he has 'never been suicidal'
Dr George Hamilton, Chief Apostle of W.O.R.D. Ministries, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager.
He referred to Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, as a 'disgrace'
Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket was led in.
Louis Smith will represent Great Britain for first time since London 2012.
Smith won silver and bronze at the London Games before pursuing a media career.
Four-time Commonwealth Games champion Claudia Fragapane is in the women's team.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Gerard Pique.
Messi suffered a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid.
The forward did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break.
Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls Feel At Home.
It covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
To call or text non-UK numbers, you will be charged extra, at roaming rates.
But these are much lower than other operators’ standard rates in some countries.
Former Brazil defender Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run.
Owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
But the 41-year-old angered Massone again after Ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table FC Botosani on Saturday.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border.
He was fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)
His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death.
She paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral.
Mr Johnston is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom.
The black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds.
Animal Kingdom has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages.
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815.
But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Paris Saint-Germain are weighing up a £15million move for Dynamo Kiev winger Andriy Yarmolenko.
The French giants have been warned off Manchester United's Angel di Maria.
PSG are also interested in signing Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Comes after David Cameron pledged to give the NHS whatever it needed.
But he refused to say how he will find the money.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon.
A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
The drama is currently one of Netflix's flagship TV shows.
Douglas Bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931.
He was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp.
It was there that he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More.
This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Peter Ustinov bought the DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar.
It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel.
The 3.7-litre engine produced 240bhp and went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph.
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.
The interior is based on a New York style and provides the perfect snug hideaway from the rest of the world.
Morocco were banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
The North-African nation was fined $1 million by the CAF.
CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation.
Samantha Cameron, 43, revealed her love of alternative group Poliça.
The American band are inspired by a radical feminist.
She described pregnancy as 'barbaric' and their songs feature violent imagery.
Video for the first single on the group’s most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
Dave King will have to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person.
The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month.
King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman.
Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
The 18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago.
His family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront.
On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Dr Teo said he was willing to perform the operation if
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.
Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties.
Federici left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tried to console him.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis'stole her pet chicken' as a child in Ukraine.
Karo, now living in Los Angeles, says Kunis was 'envious' of the hen.
She claims Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm'
Karo is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover therapy bills.
Unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground.
He was jet washing the roof of a home in Greenwich, south east London.
A neighbour noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment.
Building expert said the workman should have at least had scaffolding.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
The result sets up a meeting with either Inverness or Celtic in the final.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood is hoping they can cause a shock at Wembley.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes and taking a 'hippy crack' through a balloon.
Sherwood has been a fan of Sterling since he was 14 and on the books at QPR.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune.
He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother.
Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the regime.
Mr Al-Assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means.
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills.
It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.
Details emerged about the UK company at the heart of the probe, which is focusing on sweetheart tax deals between Starbucks and the Dutch government.
Kevin Pietersen has returned to the LV= County Championship.
The 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday.
Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating Jimmy Anderson.
England were held to a draw in the opening Test against West Indies.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia travels the world reviewing beds, pools and room service.
She has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram, liking her beautiful photos of her travels, the places she stays and the food she eats.
The avid Instagrammer has turned her social media success into a growing company.
Bianca Gascoigne was mugged by a gang on bikes in Marylebone.
The 28-year-old had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts.
She later tweeted about the mugging, branding them 'lowlifes'
Gascoigne adopted Bianca and her brother Mason after he married her mother in 1996.
Cynthia Lennon died at her home in Spain yesterday after a short battle with cancer.
She married John Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to fame.
The couple divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship with Yoko Ono.
Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr have paid their respects.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.
Oblak has convinced everyone in Madrid that he can keep goal for them for years to come.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and features air conditioning.
Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius.
A mosque, aquatics centre, athletics track, cricket pitch, tennis courts and a hockey pitch are being built nearby.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport.
Complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London.
TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality', and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers'
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London.
At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold.
He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire.
The tiny chihuahua quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden.
Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.
The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
The 33-year-old opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year.
Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
People in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed.
The Japanese get an hour and a half less sleep, according to users of Sleep Cycle app.
Radamel Falcao made his name with Porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco.
The Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams.
Falcao was schooled here, denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of Chelsea’s captain John Terry.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers described the offer as an 'incredible offer'
PFA Chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling.
Taylor believes waiting until the season is over before resuming talks could be a wise move.
The man scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars.
He then climbed the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage.
The man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'I want a car. I've got a ticket'
The escapade will alarm Chinese officials, said to be embarrassed by the incident.
Video posted on social media site Vine shows girl surrounded by fellow festival goers.
She faces up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking.
Seconds later, she shows clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the officers.
One of whom chose'scissors' as his option, thereby claiming victory.
Crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration as she is left speechless.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Saturday.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian side.
Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match.
The Frenchman praised his defensive partner Gerard Pique.
Pauline Hanson defended the anti-Islam protests across the country.
She said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
She was asked for her views on businesses 'going to the wall' if halal certification of food products was scrapped.
Her comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday.
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new adventure.
Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
Allardyce's reputation is that of a man who guarantees survival.
West Ham must go to the Olympic Stadium with more on their minds than survival.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile.
UAE president Sol Mokdad believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire.
Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.
He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone.
His family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river which divides Kathmandu.
Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across the city, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.
Hundreds of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
The Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace'
It will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres)
The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth.
Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia.
Tests confirmed he suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain.
Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half.
Barcelona are two points clear of second-placed Real Madrid.
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn.
Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave and loose fence panels.
Harron Homes said it was 'genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused'
Darren Stanton, who has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert, appeared on This Morning.
He managed to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing.
Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.
Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist.
He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived.
Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is at his strongest with him in attack.
Ferdinand believes that Rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to United hitting fifth gear.
United have only lost twice in the Premier League in 2015.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism.
Boy held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices.
Girl arrested after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester.
Both were bailed until May 28.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund.
The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal.
It lumped Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, with tickets.
He told her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles.
But he booked flights to Republic of Ireland instead of Wales, she tweeted.
Mr Boys is now planning to buy new pair of train tickets to Cardiff.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
He was accompanied by his medical team.
The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Mr Butler said in 2006 that his weight problem was linked to his depression and that he was addicted to food.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she, and the two cyclists who were accompanying her, missed an unmarked turn.
She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Despite her detour, she managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59.
Four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand.
They drag the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with it.
As it is legal to fish for sharks in NZ, it has become a sport.
Shark fisherman focus on using peep release techniques to send sharks happily on their way after gaining 'biggest-catch' bragging rights.
Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas.
The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited her son's grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich to celebrate the life of their brother.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in May 2010.
She was paralyzed from the neck down and unable to carry a child.
Her college friend Laurel Humes offered to carry the child for them.
Rachelle and Chris Chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on April 18.
The baby will be born near Laurel's home in Asheville, North Carolina, four hours from the Chapmans.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex.
Kane, 46, is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters.
He had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship.
The Hilton Middle School music teacher said in one message; 'I could get a room and I could sneak you there'
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard is an eight-time champion at the tournament.
Nadal hasn't won the tournament since 2012.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride.
But she didn't realise she would never see him again when she found out.
The family looking after Magic had sold him at auction for just £200.
Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eight people were killed in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club.
Three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Pavilhao 9 meets.
They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head.
An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer.
MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.
In 2013, they called for the age limit to be raised to at least 76.
Britain met the 0.7 per cent aid target last year, spending £11.7billion.
But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
New total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running.
Paul Childs is the second Liberal Democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive.
The air steward said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test after starting a new relationship with a man.
He said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over the number of foreigners who have the condition.
Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett, running for the party in Vauxhall, said he got the virus intentionally as he embarked on a path of self 'annihilation'
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air'
The clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season.
The 19-year-old has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson.
Zoumana Camara was born on Friday afternoon in Paris.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on the 36-year-old.
PSG travel to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg.
The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
SNP leader says she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in power.
Polls suggest surge in support for SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7.
SNP projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at election.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.
But Grand is still living on the streets, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Southern All-Stars in the first minute.
Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in our simulated All-Star game.
Martin Skrtel was least effective for the North.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City.
Heath has been here for eight years and witnessed the process at first hand.
The 53-year-old speaks of the game's expansion with an almost missionary zeal.
Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing.
He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail.
Kerr was jailed along with Christopher Moody for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
She was found dead in 1996 after being murdered by Kerr and Moody.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way.
But in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
He says single words bear traces of syntax showing that they must be descended from an older, syntax-laden system, rather than from simple, primal utterances.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
Labour councillor, 31, said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back to reality'
She said she used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying to others: 'I will not be ashamed about who I am'
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses.
The actor is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives.
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005.
The gene increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent.
She had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy to reduce her risk.
But in 2007, the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading.
Since then, she has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in a year.
Mrs Hannigan is now undergoing chemotherapy as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for opening day.
Rodriguez returned from a 162-game suspension for receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic.
Signs in the stands encourages fans to forgive Rodriguez after his suspension.
Atlanta Braves right-handed reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer following the trade of Craig Kimbrel.
Liverpool crashed out of the FA Cup after a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa.
Brendan Rodgers must accept criticism for his side's underperformances.
The club's transfer committee is under scrutiny.
Rodgers must provide the right answers come August.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky.
That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health.
Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, is on sale for £25.
It contains four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream.
Customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes are awarded free meal.
NAC Breda gave away a two-goal lead against FC Dordrecht on Saturday.
Robert Maaskant took out his anger on the substitutes bench.
The 46-year-old smashed his fist through the plastic casing of the dugout.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30.
Talks have been held between the parties and an agreement has not yet been finalised.
Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Gavin is the only Englishman to have won a world amateur title.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy.
He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife.
After pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years.
Judge Nicholas Cooke told him he may never be released.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday.
The film stars Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Nick Nolte and Steve Buscemi.
Among the many problems he cited were the costumes that were being used, the way the hair was being styled, and the film's treatment of women.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by ordeal.
But Sweet, from Birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order.
Victim Support charity worker said 'victims deserve justice'
William Bird captured the video while out with his seven-year-old stepson.
Video shows the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray.
As the second jet disappeared from view, the video camera was knocked sideways.
It was taken on the same day that Typhoons were deployed by the Royal Air Force.
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.
On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000.
The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds.
The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'
The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
The Church of Scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the Anzac brand by the Department of Veteran Affairs.
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac.
Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million.
Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand.
Wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending.
Firm also forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September.
The former Brookside actress admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.
She has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield.
Moments before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook.
She told her son to come home and that she would fetch him at the station.
By the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found on the line.
Pete Bennett appeared on Jeremy Kyle today to reveal he is now homeless.
The 33-year-old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago.
Despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography, Pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends.
Presenters star in campaign for Garnier Nutrisse.
Can be seen larking around with hair pulled over mouths to resemble moustache.
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, also designing vintage clothes for babies.
Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman.
But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Just minutes after – once again without any nod to the passing of time – she is giving birth, with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
Her husband Sabino Matera has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media.
The 37-year-old is now speaking with police about her disappearance.
Police have confirmed she returned home and she is speaking with officers.
She has been 'out of reach since then', her distraught father said.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener.
Tom Cleverley has hailed Tim Sherwood's attacking gambles.
Villa face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Chelsea Clinton gave a candid interview to Elle magazine this month about motherhood and talks of how her own mom should be the first female president of the United States.
Clinton says that though the US is the 'land of equal opportunity,' that is not true about gender, and a female president would change that.
The 35-year-old also talks about life with daughter Charlotte.
Rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties.
In one ridiculous picture, he tilts his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera, topped off by a military cap.
But they ended up in the Hitler fanzine - Deutschland Erwache (Germany Awaken)
Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are among the leading candidates to take up the newly-created role with England.
The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Crucial issues will be the amount of travel involved and how much power the new director will hold on selection.
Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015, the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities over 50 sports and 132 fixtures during three days of competition starting on April 24.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year.
Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea and Raheem Sterling complete the list.
The winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26.
The FA Cup trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire.
Arsenal face Reading in the semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final to end a nine-year trophy drought.
A house in Narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week's storm in Sydney.
A team of firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task of pulling it down.
The property began sliding down the hill it was built on.
It was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday, endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate.
'I was thinking, god how is this thing not falling?' Fire and Rescue Superintendent Kel McNamara said.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'
She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit.
An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London.
She travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany.
Ozcelik has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
Protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval at the trial.
Five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign.
Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare.
They are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare.
He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor.
Mr Cameron said the Tories were overhauling the benefit system.
Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila.
The pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.
Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were served their execution notices and are set to be executed at the stroke of midnight on Wednesday morning.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain.
In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000.
Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP.
The pub is running a 'Save the Pub' campaign in the run up to the election.
It has left regular customers stunned and provoked a 'Marmite' reaction.
One customer said: 'Drinking elsewhere now. F*** this UKIP'
Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child.
The 32-year-old hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter.
Pittman's son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily.
Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday.
Thiago Alcantara would never have signed for Manchester United if David Moyes had wanted him.
United's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout Moyes' short time at the club.
The kind of passing display Thiago delivered in Bayern's 6-1 win over Porto on Wednesday has been precisely what United have been missing.
Without quality in that area, few teams can compete at the elite level any more.
Michael Slager, 33, will be refused right to hold baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks.
He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family.
They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so Slager will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden.
Inuits in Greenland would have entertained polite company in their settlements while wearing a thong made of seal fur.
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt.
It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection.
Seals are found along the coast of East Greenland and are hunted by Inuits for their meat and skin.
Inuits across the region, and into North America and Siberia, would have also made garments from the
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had.
Di Natale spent five years playing alongside Sanchez at Udinese.
Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka.
It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.
The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.
In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe came to about 2,100 µSv.
West Ham face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1.
Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Reid signed a new six-year deal with West Ham this year.
Van driver unleashes foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after M6 crash.
Trucker lets rip after car towing a caravan moves into his lane and two vehicles collide.
Car towing caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road.
Footage was posted on Shropshire-based Facebook user Mark Hazell's account.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery.
He suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor’s errors, ruled Stuart Fisher.
In a damning report, he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘unorthodox and unacceptable’ way.
Senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters.
Spieth finished joint-second with Bubba Watson at last year's tournament.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk.
Kim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
This year also marks a record for Hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at MBFWA.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 at Ewood Park on Sunday.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa in the semi-finals.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo.
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes.
A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him.
The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched.
Guests are invited via Facebook, and once they log in their webcam streams are pasted onto a virtual body.
If the ceremony is to be legally-binding, the couple must fill out the paperwork.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse.
Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president.
He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
Kevin Pietersen was taken off the field during Surrey's match against Oxford University.
Pietersen was hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during Oxford's second innings.
The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto.
The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour.
She had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice.
Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
£60 was stolen from epileptic woman's handbag in Stourbridge, West Midlands.
Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes.
Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage.
CCTV shows woman moving victim's shopping trolley before leaving market.
She has been described as a white woman in her 30s or 40s, around 5ft 5in tall.
Survey by Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex.
73% of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month.
Survey also found 81% of participants who love grilled cheese.
Most popular filling is American cheese, followed by cheddar.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.
The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property.
This surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
East of England ambulance service releases list of 1,248 bizarre call outs.
One caller said'someone' had been run down in Epping Forest, Essex.
Another said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding'
Front-line crews attended half of the calls, believing them to be genuine emergencies.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh.
It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Using ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
The book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along religious and secular lines.
Tiger Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf.
Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open and the last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings.
The 56-year-old could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law along.
Fraudsters were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman Benjamin Khoury.
She sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the visitors.
Stan Collymore was a talkSPORT commentator for Villa between 1997 and 2000.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15.
But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have evidence this is untrue.
Mr Galloway produced a nikah, or Pakistani marriage certificate, at hustings.
He said Ms Shah has 'only a passing acquaintance with the truth'
But Ms Shah hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
Labour say they have written to Mr Galloway to warn him not to repeat them.
Sponge Bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back.
The six-month-old seal was rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
She was found with breathing problems at Widemouth on the north coast of Cornwall.
Her body was recovered from a beach at Highcliffe, Dorset on Monday.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva.
The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence.
Head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
Newcastle are nine points clear of danger with six matches to play.
David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport on his arrival.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The 34-year-old has not fought since he defeated Dereck Chisora in 2012.
Haye also handed over his passport to authorities and has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates.
Santiago Vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay at Sunderland.
The 26-year-old defender has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats this season.
Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
Joe Louis defeated Max Schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title.
The fight was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria.
Louis lost his money and became a greeter at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.
MCC reveals plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's.
The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to 30,000.
A new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included.
MCC aims to submit a planning application to Westminster City Council this summer.
Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred.
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed.
Researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the Arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland.
They have also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro.
It comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests.
There is also plenty of 'terrace' area, with sunloungers, with ladders down so guests can take a dip.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title.
The Celtic left back is currently five points ahead of Aberdeen.
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che.
They accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah.
The pair are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne’s International Comedy Festival.
Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake.
He was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s.
They are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates.
The NHS says the guidance will improve patients' care.
But medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly.
Steven Allison, 37, was on the run from the law for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women.
He was supposed to be lying low in Sydney, where he found work as a labourer and handyman, but couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 Facebook friends.
The sex attacker, who goes by 'Stig' on Facebook, posted pictures of his former life in Yorkshire and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes sunburns.
But don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand.
MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition.
Seven alone have Manchester United connections: Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid.
Xabi Alonso will be lining up for Bayern Munich looking for his third Champions League triumph.
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch.
It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
Progress is carrying about 2.5 tons of cargo, including fuel, equipment, oxygen and food, to the space station.
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police and Maryland CPS for five hours on Sunday.
The children were taken into custody for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone.
Their parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
But they say authorities crossed a line when they picked them up and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday.
Defra has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of'very high' air pollution tomorrow.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child.
He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 and has spent hundreds of pounds.
The £50 haunted dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on.
Ian avoids buying his dolls on eBay as he says there is no guarantee that they would be haunted.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada.
He followed it in his own vehicle - just in time to take the snap.
The image of his selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
Arsenal drew 1-1 with Chelsea at the Emirates in the Premier League.
Oscar and David Ospina collided with the Chelsea man.
Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness got their own live hero shot.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Traffic began to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
One driver in a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake an undertaking manoeuvre.
But a Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes.
The Renault swerves in the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing.
Bulgarians love their traditional music.
They have a TV channel devoted to it, and one show features people of all ages swaying in stately unison.
When I decided to go to Bulgaria I looked for a holiday combining exploring the remote southern mountains with a festival.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow confirmed as among the dead.
The Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday.
Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game.
Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve year-old daughter.
ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash.
Prime Minister made comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item.
Mr Cameron could be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads.
Tory leader outlined his plans on the This Morning sofa.
Wanquan Castle was built in 1393 and protected by a 12-metre wall.
The fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by the imposing fortress.
Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to its previous glory.
Among the works being carried out at the castle is the restoration of the fortress' dilapidated outer wall.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel.
Fire broke out on the right-hand side of the plane.
Six passengers on board all escaped without injury.
Officials are investigating into how and why the fire broke out.
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland.
She was just one week into her gap year when she tragically drowned.
Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
One reviewer claims the crew deleted photos of Ms Farrell before they could give them to the girl's family or police.
Ms Farrell's father Patrick Farrell said he was not going on a 'witch hunt' but was desperate to get the truth about his daughter's death and the photographs.
Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of Hefei City.
He is begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p - the equivalent of 54p.
The family are already in huge debt after son Minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia, and now the cancer has returned.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday.
She was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff in 1939.
Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
Now, her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused police of a 'cover-up'
He said they want to keep case secret until 2040 because it is unfair to mystery suspect.
Mr Phillips said: 'This smacks of a cover-up to me. I wouldn't get access to the file until I was 96, even if I lived that long
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 at the Stade Velodrome.
It was their first win in a poor run of five games.
Marseille had not won at home since January 31.
Soldiers were buried in Flanders Fields, Belgium, this morning.
Their graves will be labelled 'Known Unto God' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers.
The identities of the six soldiers are unknown, as no relatives have been found.
They were buried with full military honours in a ceremony which included the hymn Jerusalem.
Barclays Premier League announce final set of televised fixtures.
Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed.
Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch.
A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time.
Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste.
They watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it and ‘flavour molecules’ to fluoresce.
Researchers say the genes were lost after cold Antarctic temperatures interfered with taste perception.
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
They took her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father.
The attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag.
She ran away when she fought them off and is said to have been left in tears.
Chipotle will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
The fast-casual chain will add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years and this month two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers is under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy.
Jamie Carragher backed Rodgers to stay at Anfield.
Volcano Calbuco erupted for the first time on Wednesday afternoon.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada.
Locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Officers found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.
Canines were used for fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making snacks from dog meat.
Police found cage where workers were incarcerated, and made to work 18 hours a day.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach.
Newcastle fans plan to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs.
Carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer – or deflect – questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis.
Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver.
Princess Eugenie looked glamorous at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner.
The 25-year-old, who has been living in New York for a year, looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison were also in attendance at the event.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon.
The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday.
Police have launched a state-wide search for the drama and English teacher.
Ms Scott was seen at her workplace at about 11am, where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon.
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday.
Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts.
Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite the warnings.
Whelan was punished by the FA for his comments about the Chinese and Jewish communities.
Tibetan Mastiffs were traditionally used in Tibet to herd other animals.
But they are now being sent to slaughterhouses and their meat put into cheap hotpots.
Dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on anti-corruption crackdown.
Livingston face Alloa in the Petrofac Cup final on Sunday.
Darren Cole was granted time off by the Championship side.
The 23-year-old is due to work with the players again after a squad day off.
Greg Valecce, 53, was beaten, tied to a chair, and covered in offensive tattoos.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'
Campbell believed the victim, who was an unemployed drug addict, had hurt his cat, Pebbles.
He was jailed for 20 years Thursday for the abuse in March/April 21.
The aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience.
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
The inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats, which are the work of Italian design Iacobucci.
John Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup on Monday.
Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while Celtic were 2-1 down in an Old Firm League Cup final.
The Welshman then missed a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list.
They put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win.
Who else made the XI? Scroll down to find out.
Billy McNeill was Celtic's greatest ever captain.
The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way.
McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles.
He was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker.
She was interviewed by the Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Division last month.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race.
'We were probably an inch from capsizing; everybody was ready to jump. I didn't have a life jacket on,' said regatta participant Susan Kangal.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at Tottenham under Mauricio Pochettino.
The 31-year-old striker has made just nine league starts this season.
Tottenham will subsidise his £100,000-per-week wages to get rid of him.
Chairman Daniel Levy has shown reluctance to take such measures in the past.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
Holocaust survivor Eva Kor, 81, embraced him, thanked him and held his hand.
Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
West Ham host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost four of their last six matches.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are also in need of a pick-me-up.
Cheikhou Kouyate has warned West Ham they must be ready to face a 'wounded animal'
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday.
It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed.
The plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing.
Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days.
He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks.
Father-of-three, known affectionately by his friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables.
Competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees.
Porsche have put their newest vehicle to the test in the Australia Outback.
The 918 Spyder is driven by New Zealand driver Craig Baird.
Baird is a highly-experienced racer with multiple V8 Supercars and Porsche Carrera Cup race wins to his name.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing.
The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
Moody, 36, said: 'We didn't know anything was wrong'
Claudia Winkleman nominated for a Bafta.
She has breathed new life into Strictly.
Whoever wins the British Academy gong, Claudia's an absolute champ.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over floor of Powell's bookstore in Portland.
Manager said mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up, along with assistant.
But she received handwritten apology letter and gift card for ice cream.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League semi-finals.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored their 400th Champions League goals.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.
Real Madrid are way out on top in the club scoring charts.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 to reach the last 16.
It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final.
The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
SNP demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions.
Miss Sturgeon said rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland.
She issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the State pension.
Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the UK.
The 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show.
She vowed to try the method, which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off.
But Savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder.
Scotland winger has been out of action since January.
Gregor Townsend has made a number of changes to his squad.
Wales captain Sam Warburton has been named to start for Cardiff.
Kyle Hargreaves, 18, jailed for two years and eight months at Grimsby Crown Court.
Paramedics found him kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance.
Crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man.
They returned to find him and the girl lying on top of each other.
Teenager threatened crew before punching paramedic three times in the face.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul.
Country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in city.
Use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement criticised by South Koreans.
Move echoes that of Sony Pictures Entertainment and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed Mexican government offered studios $20m to ensure positive portrayal of country in Spectre.
Ed Balls claims David Cameron has'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires.
Shadow chancellor claims voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes.
But Prime Minister hailed today as'money-back Monday' with raft of tax changes.
Protesters at McGuffey High School in Washington County, Pennsylvania, wore flannel shirts to school and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands.
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
It is believed the students chose the shirts because they are a common item of clothing found in most wardrobes.
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve.
It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.
The fossil is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull.
Fossil is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction.
Experts have not revealed when the auction closes and MailOnline has contacted it for more information.
Laura Sumner, 24, was given ten days to leave Russia after being fined £23.50.
Russian media reports have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot.
Pro-Kremlin website claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in Russia by British historian, Professor Sarah Badcock.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size.
Results based on 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world.
Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other.
Average time between penetration and him ejaculating is nine minutes.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area.
The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig.
They showed they had proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity, according to the report.
Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
NSW Police will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
Number of Muslims will increase at more than double rate of world's population.
Number of countries with Christian majority expected to decline from 159 to 151.
Less than 50 per cent of population will be Christian in UK, Australia, Benin, Bosnia-Herzegovina, France, Netherlands, New Zealand and Republic of Macedonia.
West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels grafted his way to 103 against England in the second Test.
Samuels will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball in a demanding Test match.
There is no easy option during five hard-fought days.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship.
The tournament starts in Sheffield on Saturday.
Defending champion Mark Selby will play Norwegian Kurt Maflin.
Mikki Nicholson, 36, stepped in front of a train on November 7 last year.
She had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting.
But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
Inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in months before death.
Coroner David Roberts recorded conclusion that she had deliberately killed herself.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent, were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads.
Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around.
Staff at the school say they are trying to crack down on a dangerous 'chasing' game.
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car.
Instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels.
The woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs.
In Truth or Consequences, New Mexico last June, the pet owner in question wasn't as eager to put the incident behind her.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack.
Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto the MoD's website.
It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities and depth of concrete on the runway.
The details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina.
Argentina is preparing to lease 12 Sukhoi SU-24 long-range bombers from Russia.
Cressida Bonas, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
She was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with Prince Harry.
But now, as her acting career looks set to take off, she is more than happy being single.
Miss Bonas said: ‘I’m a strong, independent woman,’ in a new interview to promote her role as Mulberry’s new muse.
Vanessa Kennard was suspended in her absence by the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
She was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke, 45.
The father-of-three suffered a brain haemorrhage in May 2012.
It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate.
He was only moved to another unit after his family showed the footage to police.
Ms Kennard, Marie Banwell and Sarah Corter, were all charged with misconduct.
Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, 22, had been planning to get married this month.
But Dong was diagnosed with bone cancer and admitted to hospital.
Guo arranged for professional photographers to take pictures for the besotted couple.
Dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition.
Puffin was spotted swimming in the Grand Union canal earlier this month.
It was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford, near London.
The bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket, before being handed to a specialist centre in Dorset.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago.
They are now preparing to welcome their third baby after enlisting help of three surrogate mothers.
Phoenix Blue was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz.
Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at Viktoria Ellis’s home after a 25-minute labour.
The civil partners told how their rapidly expanding brood has left them exhausted but elated.
Graeme McDowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room.
The Northern Irishman is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record.
McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
Steven Finn has vowed to regain his England place.
The Middlesex seamer hit back at critics who say he should be hitting the 90mph mark with his bowling.
Finn was overlooked for the current three-Test West Indies tour.
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova.
The 24-year-old has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012.
Cook hopes to represent Moldova for the first time at the inaugural Baku European Games in June.
Collin Burns completed a Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds.
The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an event in Pennsylvania.
He shaved 0.3 of a second off the world record.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock.
Ronny Deila said Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.
Celtic could now win the title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal.
The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds.
Drogba scored both goals as Chelsea came from behind to win the League Cup.
He is expected to return to The Emirates on Sunday with Jose Mourinho.
Jason Rezaian has been detained in Iran for eight months.
He is accused of 'acting against national security' and 'espionage'
Iran is subject to sanctions from the U.S, Europe and the United Nations.
Rezaian and his wife were taken from their Tehran home on July 22.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday.
Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence at the Park's fence.
Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time and the fetus did not survive.
The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide and officials say there is no indication alcohol was a factor in the wreck.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000.
But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house.
It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple.
When it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary.
He claimed Madeleine had died in accident instead of being abducted.
Couple's lawyer Isabel Duarte revealed Amaral was told to pay interest.
Amaral's lawyers have leave to appeal the ruling in Lisbon court.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight.
It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
The stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies.
They include Marlon Brando, Harrison Ford, Neil Armstrong and Poldark.
Miliband has been criticised for appearing in awkward pictures, including eating a bacon sandwich.
The Cool Ed Miliband account has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader.
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch.
A professor in New York invited her son to one of her classes.
He got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory.
The high level of detail extends to the inclusion of political borders.
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke on Saturday.
Diego Costa left the game with a hamstring problem.
Jose Mourinho has praised Remy's scoring ability.
Remy also scored the winner against Hull before the international break.
Michael Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday.
The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer.
Phelps will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
Shelly Sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband's alleged mistress V. Stiviano.
She said she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice'
Donald Sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades.
But Shelly insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money.
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am.
He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning.
But Bethune-Cookman University is investigating Parks death after university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved.
Parks is the second son Carolyn Parks has had to mourn in recent months.
Her 16-year-old son died in Miami six months ago.
David Rylance, 47, was jailed for two years and three months for theft.
He was in charge of an appointee account set up at Lloyds Bank.
She realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account.
But in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away.
Rylance spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs.
Stefan Stoykov, 18, moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old.
He has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Boeing 777-300ER diverted to Mumbai to refuel eight hours into flight.
After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in Ethiopian capital.
But was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency.
Plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary repairs.
The small fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack.
It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position.
But resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
Stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug to the policeman.
The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs.
Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead.
He admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
London Book Fair Author HQ is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars.
Experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry.
Some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast and flourishing e-book market.
Woman, 20, was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver.
Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck.
She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck.
Cameron Thomas Philp was caught spitting on a police forensic van in 2013.
He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
The crew of the ship came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing.
They attached an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor, before fitting the front end with a diffuser, spreading the air out over the ship's deck.
Three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5's London HQ.
The children even got to attend a meeting with the security service's director-general Andrew Parker.
Cameras were allowed inside the service's HQ to show they are young spies in the making.
Jamie, 13, Reuben,13, and Finley, ten, were selected after a series of 'difficult' tests.
It comes as the UK's intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from Al Qaeda, Islamic State and Russia.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36.
He was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail.
The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.
Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome.
Their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match.
Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses'
They stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail.
They are left standing after their owners refused to give in to developers.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala.
Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG.
Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape going into Aintree.
The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season.
O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit.
Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
The hours of drinking appeared to take their toll on the female race fans.
Christy Mack, 23, claims Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, beat her in August 2014.
She had 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney and a fractured rib.
Mack, who has agreed to be identified in reporting of the case, was in hospital fighting for her life.
Now, nine months later, she has to wear a wig and glasses, and is still undergoing reparative dental work.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on Wednesday.
The Uruguayan scored his 1,000th goal in European competition.
Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers on the continent.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California.
Their attorney Gloria Allred, who represents most of Cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament.
Spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected.
It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison muttered 'F*** that n****' into a live microphone after Kentucky lost 71-64 to the Badgers Saturday.
The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1.
Harrison has since apologized for his comment.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability, cravings and fatigue have become accepted by most women as normal.
Dr Lara Briden, a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health, says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay.
Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
He faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money.
His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Santa Cruz Police Department released the surveillance images yesterday as they stepped up their efforts to find the cross-dressing bankrobber.
Sheffield Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season.
The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Defender Tom Lees is in line to be offered a new deal at the club.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27.
Gary has revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
Before Gary can get back to the UK for tour rehearsals, he has the small matter of seeing his musical open on Broadway.
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29.
He then slammed her head into concrete paving 11 times then shot her five times.
Severiano later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'
Police found four handguns, a shotgun and a bullet proof vest in his car.
The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone.
Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic.
She says that 'While the whole world expects it's wrinkles that age you, it's actually your face shape that's making you look older'
A 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough.
Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, who was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought unusual court case against former wife Nicola, 48.
Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage.
She led him to believe the boy was his, he argues, and wants compensation.
DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash in the French Alps last month.
The flight was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards.
Letizia and King Felipe also prayed for the victims during the service, which took the form of a Catholic mass.
Labour leader admits party was 'too timid' on immigration in past.
But Tories say there is nothing in his plans to reduce number of people moving to UK.
Miliband pledges new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers.
Promises Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers.
Says migrants must learn to speak English, especially in NHS.
Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.
She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage.
Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
Charlene Jeffs, 58, has filed for divorce from her husband Lyle Jeffs.
She claims the church has become 'even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
Mrs Jeffs has multiple wives within the sect - nine, according to reports - but Mrs Jeffs is legally married to him and has been since 1983.
Claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Daniel Ricciardo practiced with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Red Bull were well off the pace of Mercedes last season.
But Red Bull have fallen further back this season, with rivals Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton at the sharp end of the grid.
Ricciardo hopes to kick-start a disappointing start to the 2015 F1 season.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police Officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno.
He was charged but not tried for Moreno's death.
No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park.
The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
Witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle.
It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
AP McCoy will be crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport.
The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny.
Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
McCoy receives a kiss from wife Chanelle after winning the Ryanair Chase on Uxizandre.
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey.
This year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce.
However, it was noted for its better-than-average prices.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan.
Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
In an attempt to reduce its prison population, California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served at
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine.
He looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering.
The wrinkles on the 62-year-old's forehead have disappeared, while his skin look smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever.
His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew their feud.
But the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated.
Joe Root had reached 182 and been imperious as one team-mate after another got themselves out softly.
Jimmy Anderson had left Joe Root stranded with one of the doziest pieces of cricket imaginable.
West Indies took five for 58 in the morning session.
Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder.
Shiv Chanderpaul’s Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days.
The Vasimr engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
It works with plasma, an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves.
The magnetic field also insulates nearby structures so exhaust temperatures well beyond the melting point of materials can be achieved.
Over three years, Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space.
This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype, the VX-200-SS, which will be able to fire continuously for more than
Novartis accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting 'cheap, safe and effective' treatment for sight loss on the NHS.
It has 'bullied' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness.
Drug company has allegedly tried to ‘do everything’ it can to stop trials of the cancer drug.
Felix David, 24, was shot by police in New York City at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the East Village.
He was being arrested at the facility when he reportedly began attacking officers.
David was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident and later died at a local hospital.
U.S. spends $4billion (£2.7billion) a year on unnecessary medical costs.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women.
Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care, because cancer is easier to treat if detected early.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates come in three flavours.
David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces and Ed Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour.
Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
As yet there are no plans for a Nigel Farage chocolate this year.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades.
Investigation team involving six agencies in US and Britain want him put on trial.
Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
Sarao allegedly triggered the Wall Street 'Flash Crash' of May 2010.
Nearly a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices in five minutes.
The Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site.
It is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man and is only seen by a handful of experts every year.
Now experts have scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls.
The replica cave contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009.
The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate.
Dinnigan and her husband bought the property of James Packer's right hand man in Watson's Bay in March.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on their trikes.
The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom.
Baldwin Street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world's steepest with a 35% gradient.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team rescued from Thames.
Rescued by Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) on Wednesday.
Oxford crew were training for Boat Race which takes place on April 11.
Conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa.
The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers.
Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday.
West Ham's James Collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper.
Shatniawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play.
His effort will be considered one of the strangest own goals ever.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive.
Assange and Wikileaks issued a statement on Thursday saying that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal.
They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents.
The data dump comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million.
Crown Princess Mary, 43, treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
All four crouched down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf.
The visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute.
Alexandre Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later.
French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)
In Twitter’s place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans.
Manchester City have over eight million Weibo followers compared to 2.4million on Twitter.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Sterling was criticised after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide.
Liverpool insist the case is now closed and Sterling has not been fined.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy.
The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger.
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role as Minnie Jackson, a maid, was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week.
She was scheduled to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'
But before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, Angel Guzman, said.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001.
The 33-year-old has played for England for 13 years, 310 days.
Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days in his career.
Carrick is on course to become the longest-serving outfield player.
Chelsea won the UEFA Youth League on Monday.
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma.
The 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk.
Brown was on the bench for Chelsea seniors for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers.
Once the EE 'power bar' runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one.
The chargers will be free to EE customers, and other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a £20 fee.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday.
She is now terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly.
The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week.
Kelly said the joys of watching her grow up had 'all been stolen from me'
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman.
She said she was 'furious' with him after a bungled first date.
Mrs Miliband said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party.
But he failed to tell her he was secretly going out with their'mutual friend'
The politician persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on Friday.
This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back.
The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million this season.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear.
In a new article published on her website, the 29-year-old editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament.
London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable.
Flats is confident that, long term, this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect.
Research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public.
So-called crimes include diving into the Thames without authority.
Making it an offence to wash or dry clothes in Parliament or Trafalgar squares was designed to prevent protesters setting up camp at tourist spots.
Manchester City were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday.
Vincent Kompany believes that a win against United will help rectify their season.
Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure after a disappointing season.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways.
He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, north west London.
Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
The Australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11.
Bosch hit the ball into a strong wind in the final act of the last eight showdown.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty.
Nico Rosberg secured his third win in four races this season.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to his best.
Rosberg is already 27 points adrift of Mercedes team-mate Hamilton.
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens.
The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Carried carbon monoxide, an odorless and colorless gas, is created when some fuels are burned.
Police opened the windows of their home in an attempt to ventilate it.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch.
They have been released at the request of some of the victims' families.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the families of the 96 victims.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the Battle of Waterloo.
Only over half know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces.
One in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815.
Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station.
Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends.
'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
David Silva has returned to training after being injured on Sunday.
The Manchester City playmaker was caught in the face by an elbow.
Silva required eight minutes of treatment on the field before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination.
But tests revealed the 29-year-old had suffered no fractures.
City face FA Cup finalists Aston Villa in their next game.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
The 24-year-old applied for citizenship earlier this month.
Cook has already received his passport from the small eastern European state.
British Olympic Association have ratified Cook's move.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane Tuesday morning local time, putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes.
The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand.
Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement.
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back to Hotel Don Pancho in Benidorm.
Thieves in purple top reached into Mr Ogden's pocket while accomplice tried to block his view.
Mr and Mrs Ogden followed the crooks out of the hotel and got it back.
Their son Mick said his parents were tougher than they look.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death ex-boyfriend, Kevin Rivera, 21.
Couple had been arguing after daughter's first birthday party on Sunday.
Diaz reportedly intervened after couple got into dispute at Brooklyn home.
He allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with knife, before fleeing.
When medics arrived at property, they found Mr Rivera with chest wound.
Mr Rivera, who also suffered slashes to arms, later pronounced dead.
Police launched manhunt for Diaz, who turned himself into police on Monday.
Dita Von Teese will lead burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, Arizona.
The fashion designer and author is famous for her raunchy routines.
Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will team up with Burlesque teacher Catherine D'Lish, to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool.
The Burnley striker has scored nine Premier League goals.
Ings is also linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russia president Valdimir Putin on Monday.
Blatter revealed Russia as hosts of the 2018 World Cup in 2010.
The 79-year-old Swiss is expecting a 'wonderful' event.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence.
He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work.
Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho believes John Terry's performance was his best ever.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger accused Chelsea of being purposefully defensive.
Mourinho branded their 11-year wait for the title 'boring'
Samantha Fleming, 23, was found stabbed, doused in bleach and wrapped in plastic inside a home in Gary, Indiana, on Friday.
The suspect, 36, is in police custody in Texas and is under mental health care.
Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby on April 5.
Matt Giteau has not featured for Australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand.
Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad — providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home.
Former England lock Nick Kennedy was a Toulon team-mate during the victorious 2012-13 European campaign.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
There was disgust too among frontline NHS staff and patients.
Mike Holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'God's will'
He claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street.
Now engaged again, the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back.
If they had completed just one year in care each, it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile on Thursday.
The British royal is currently working in New York.
She showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row.
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America.
Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule.
Village of Supai has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup against USA in 2010.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce says Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot.
Green faces his old club at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Stewart Brand is president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue.
He believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
Mr Brand is also a campaigner to reintroduce extinct species such as woolly mammoths and passenger pigeons.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist.
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year.
The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter.
Video shows the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge.
Police eventually caught up with the men, arresting them and they have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, has worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years.
She has been offering her sexual services at more than £300 an hour.
The bank confirmed it had fired her over 'integrity issues'
She hinted at her real professional life on her website which has since been removed from the web.
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to change the time of Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election.
He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.
Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home.
The BBC is releasing an archive interview with Sir Hugh Greene recorded in 1982 as well as a 1981 interview with the former Prime Minister.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action.
As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away. When that didn’t stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times.
The robber disappeared into the woods
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters.
Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
The former first lady faces no substantial competition – yet – for the Democratic nomination in 2016.
Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Fox.
Boulter is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat.
Fox resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after boulter revealed details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semis on June 6.
The big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have only met twice this season.
Barcelona won 3-1 on aggregate when the sides met in the semi-finals of the 2011 Champions League.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics.
He is an average 20-something man, but thanks to his physical similarity to Zayn, Flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
Every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
The Brisbane couple's mosque in Holland Park has offered them an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night and to see their mosque.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, which was caught on camera, to come forward.
Mr Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the four-time winners.
The Spanish media have praised Barcelona's performance.
PSG travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons, from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone.
Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset.
It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Stuart McCall has been reassured that the decision will not affect his squad's promotion push.
Rangers welcome newly-crowned Scottish Championship winners Hearts to Ibrox on Sunday.
Shop owner believed to be from Mozambique taken to hospital in Johannesburg.
He is one of at least six people killed and thousands displaced from homes.
Violence against immigrants erupted in city of Durban several weeks ago.
Despite 30 arrests, police struggle to subdue machete-wielding gangs.
Many families in city who now fear for their lives have fled to makeshift refugee camp.
President Jacob Zuma has called for end to'shocking and unacceptable' attacks.
Mike Tindall bought horse Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction.
He was overcome by the 40-1 outsider's performance.
After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!!’
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria says women can't say no to husbands.
Claims women can only refuse sex if they are menstruating, sick or giving birth.
He denounces idea of marital rape as'made up by European people'
His religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in Malaysia.
Judith Russell took to the stand in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
She told how her daughter Katherine converted to Islam after meeting Tamerlan Tsarnaev's brother.
Defense lawyers have argued that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his older sibling.
Tamerlan was found guilty earlier this month of killing three people and injuring 264 as well as fatally shooting a police officer.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson.
Coming second in the survey of Australia’s Most Attractive Employer is national public broadcaster the ABC.
Department of Immigration came in at number three while Department of Defence and Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work.
Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas.
He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening.
Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison on Friday morning.
He was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge.
Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke.
But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack.
Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder.
He is appealing for women in violent relationships to seek help.
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge.
The 29-year-old will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria.
She will return to hurdling at the Great City games in Manchester.
Ennis-Hil has written to the IAAF to ask why she has been allowed to keep her world title.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from kidney failure complications.
Kirkland founded the home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966.
He donated millions to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Raheem Sterling has managed just six goals this season.
The 20-year-old wideman has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool.
Sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed last season.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has become one of Britain's most elite sporting venues.
Prince Charles was the first member of the club when it was founded in 1982.
It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman.
But attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court.
Drone carrying asparagus tips was flying it to a Michelin-starred restaurant.
But it crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands.
The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck.
Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved against Swansea.
Bradley Parkes, 16, was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note.
He had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital.
She said he had been robbed at knifepoint several times and slashed.
Her devastated family are at his bedside at Birmingham Children's Hospital.
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday.
Turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest.
It said his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
Today was the first time a pope has publicly used 'genocide' to describe the massacre.
Eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after falling victim to'sleeper' prank.
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game.
The game involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child.
Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them.
In the email he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct'
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race.
But was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart.
He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run.
Previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted.
The youngster was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead.
She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff.
Michael Churton, 38, was with four colleagues at the base camp when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow.
He was knocked back and suffered facial injuries.
Churton described how he told his group to get down just before the snow devastated base camp.
At least 17 people who were on Mount Everest at the time have died.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.
The Biancocelesti are now 13 points behind Juve in Serie A.
Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Lishan Wang, 49, was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010.
He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital.
A new evaluation was ordered earlier this year after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
Wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender's office of working against him.
Victoria McKennon is one class short of the credits she needs to graduate.
The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits.
Plan was that she would finish work necessary to graduate in the summer.
But Plano Senior High School refused to allow her to take part in ceremony.
Her family have filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education.
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems.
Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length.
Introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them.
In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Kim Davies bought Llanwenarth House in Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful.
But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles.
He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990.
The seven-car Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h)
It travelled for almost 11 seconds during a test run near Mount Fuji.
It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph) and beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h).
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
Owner Central Japan Railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join Tokyo and the central city of Nag
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.
A stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener.
Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant.
The desperate couple then had their benefits cut.
Philip was given a lifeline by a Manchester businessman who heard about the story on a TV programme.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday.
This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
The rally forced the closure of Flinders and Elizabeth streets, where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop.
Hugh Jackman spoke up against the West Australian government's effort to shut down as many as half of the state's 270 remote communities.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform.
More than 300,000 screens went offline for several hours just after start of trading.
Trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted.
Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds delayed for hours.
Wilfried Zaha poses for close-up shots as FIFA 16 is released.
The Crystal Palace winger helped his side defeat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday.
Zaha has scored twice for the Eagles since signing permanently.
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
The only thing left after this is to announce the execution date.
Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday.
Angie Donohue has revealed her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her.
Daryl Scott donohue, 43, tried to kill his wife, not once, but twice.
Over the course of their marriage, she was forced into hiding.
Donohue stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘various people’ to kill for money.
The couple both had children to previous relationships.
She was faced with tragic news that her child was very unwell and he would require multiple surgeries to survive.
Turia Pitt witnessed the operation to save the sight of little Seng, from Vientiane, Laos.
Seng's sight was saved by keen doctor volunteers from Interplast.
Turia has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames.
She will hold a fundraising gala on Thursday to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's life.
'I'm fitter now than I was before!' Turia said.
Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for Sunday's European Challenge Cup quarter-final with London Irish.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli.
Head coach Alan Solomons has named his strongest XV.
Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport will be the world's biggest in 2018.
It will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year.
Renown British-Iraqi architect Zaha Hadid has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept.
All the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard, which will be a meeting place for passengers.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup.
Virgil van Dijk was sent off in the first half against Inter Milan.
The Dutchman believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died in 1909 at the age of 74.
She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation'
Her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records.
They revealed she died in the Sussex county asylum in poverty.
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season.
The Italy Under 20 international is out of contract at the club.
Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward.
Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock.
He thought up to solve problem of determining longitude at sea.
It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich.
Time was measured using a radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock.
Couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams'
Neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them awake.
The man was sentenced to four months in prison in 2011 and his fiancée given a noise abatement order.
But the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere.
The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago.
The band were on stage at the time when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.
Seven people are in a critical condition according to Dr Mario Henriquez.
Brits are ditching tradition in favour of alternative practices.
Religious services have fallen out of favour and brides are opting for bold colour schemes.
Average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013)
Newlyweds are now choosing to honeymoon closer to home, with 18 per cent opting for a vacation in the UK, compared to 8 per cent five years ago.
Former prime minister said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'
But he said her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster.
Mr Brown urged 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour in the General Election.
Four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted on Tokyo roof.
It was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces.
Radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body.
People in Japan have become increasingly wary about nuclear power plants.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash with Manchester United.
The Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job.
City are in fourth place, a point behind United.
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup.
The £30million three-year deal would add to Emirates' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship.
Sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt have a net worth of £260million.
The couple booked out an entire floor of the Hilton Malta.
Sydney's Intercontinental hotel was the scene of Brangelina's balcony argument.
Park Hyatt Saigon hosted Brad and Ange during their 2011 trip to Vietnam.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it.
The testing kit, on sale online, uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market.
They were unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations.
Paul Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
Wolverhampton beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium.
Benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute.
James McClean was sent off for a second bookable offence.
Wigan will have to face Brentford next weekend.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding his future.
The Spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli.
Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following his fine form.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV)
It will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada.
The bike will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan.
She will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metres)
The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Jeremy Jackson, 34, was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA.
The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear.
Victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
Jackson, of Newport Beach, Calif., has not addressed the arrest on social media.
Sandra Bullock topped Forbes' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014.
The Miss Congeniality star took the headline spot thanks to her gripping turn in Gravity.
Leonardo DiCaprio asked for $25 million up front to appear as Jordan Belfort in The Wolf Of Wall Street.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, with men at 27.
A third of adults meet their closest friends while at school.
Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now also play a major role.
Edinson Cavani went for a day out at the zoo after Barcelona defeat.
The PSG striker has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Cavani has registered 18 goals for the Ligue 1 side this season.
The great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack.
Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
The Georgian national admitted to trading and receiving child pornography earlier this month.
He fled the country, possibly returning to his native Georgia.
Police have recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher molesting boys at the On The Mat Sports International in Chevy Chase.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago.
The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He gets weaker as he grows older. Born strong, he's now'very floppy'
His parents are planning to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days.
They have made a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away.
The family have already ticked one item off the line-up.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
It will turn off its transmitters on January 11 2017.
The switch to digital radio could save £17 million a year.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea.
Adam picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Thibaut Courtois.
Courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny Adam.
Women aged 17 to 25 use pictures on the social networking site to gauge their own appearance and see how they measure up against friends.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the University of New South Wales in Australia found.
Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage.
He was 48 ears old.
The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels.
Crombie was the son for former Toronto mayor and Canadian Cabinet minister David Crombie.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters to be with his wife.
Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters.
Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saatchesi, wears the exact same ‘uniform’ every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only'
The unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when, with 'a fairly important meeting on the horizon' she began trying on a variety outfits to no satisfaction.
'I kept thinking], "Is this too formal? Is that too out there? Is this dress too short?" I finally chose something
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the Arc de Triomphe.
The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract.
He has not scored in the league for Spurs since the 2-1 defeat to Newcastle.
Campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month.
They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
£60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each – for the project.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and Mark Titch, 17, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County.
Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
Titch died behind bars last year at the age of 55.
Porto host Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Bayern are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831.
But having a budget store on your doorstep means your house could sell for less.
Homes near several different stores enjoyed the highest price premiums.
Two traffic police officers were standing on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night.
They pulled over a driver, who they suspected was speeding, and spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark.
At the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
The two officers got into their patrol car to give chase and caught up with the driver.
He told the officers he was unaware that the window had become loose and opened and was made to close it securely.
Teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films.
The hashtag #realisticYA looks at the fact that real teenage scenarios can mean that sometimes love is unrequited.
Some of the tweets are hilarious because if the character in question did what the tweet suggests, much of the action in the novels would have never happened.
Hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners every year.
Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators.
One former medical student revealed how 'blood was still running' as he cut through a body.
Chancellor admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark.
He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza.
The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain'
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America.
The teenagers and young adults have faced discrimination throughout their lives.
Now, they are the subjects of a new independent film, which tells of how some of them have served time in juvenile prisons.
They are working on their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and working stints as models.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free.
A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile.
The snake could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot'
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett.
The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
It will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite.
Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Chris Ramsey has lost six games out of seven in charge of QPR.
Tim Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Villa Park.
Sherwood rates Ramsey as one of this country’s best coaches.
He also wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms.
Festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
New permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include 324 private stalls, but even nicer-looking facilities can spread germs.
Judy Murray, 55, has undergone a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year.
But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit.
The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed there as the event of the year.
Diego Maradona scored the winner during a charity match in Bogota.
The 1986 World Cup winner was surrounded by media and cameraman.
Maradona took a swipe at a nearby cameraman after the match.
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season.
Newcastle face Swansea at St James' Park on Sunday.
De Jong has been plagued by injuries since arriving from Ajax.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season.
The Arsenal midfielder has not featured for the first team since November 22.
Wilshere has always maintained that he wants to remain at Arsenal.
City have snapped up several players from Arsenal in recent times.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The Canadian pop singer will carry Mayweather's championship belts.
Bieber has accompanied Mayweather into the ring on numerous occasions.
He even joined Mayweather on stage ahead of the May 2 fight.
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK.
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over care of wife Gillian Nelson.
She died after complications arose with birth of son Wesley at Kent hospital.
He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital at 3.45am after she had gone in to labour.
Miss Nelson had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am.
Mr Ramirez said: 'She was delirious, spaced out, obviously tired'
Fish and chips is a British institution as well as a national money-spinner.
But it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad.
Franck Ribery was convinced to reject Real Madrid five years ago.
He was told he was as important to Bayern Munich as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona.
Ribery fell out with then-head coach Louis van Gaal and says Real were willing to pay for him.
The Frenchman has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers.
Her husband said she fell down the stairs after she was knocked over.
The tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, ruled the death an accident.
She has agreed to pay more than £60,000 in compensation to the victim's family.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home.
The home, dubbed 'PV14', also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and the sparkling lights of the city's downtown.
Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off Yemen.
Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
Saudi-led aerial assault on rebels in country today, killing at least 20 in capital Sana'a.
U.N. Security Council last week imposed arms embargo on Houthi leaders.
Samantha Cameron, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold.
Wore midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck made from non-crease poly twill.
Comes as David Cameron unveils Tory manifesto in Swindon.
He promised voters'security at every stage of your life'
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire.
Coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
The hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Rony came to Britain from India in 2012 and did not know how to swim.
Headteacher Christopher Bennet said he was eligible for six 30-minute lessons a year.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona.
English referee will be assisted by five other Englishmen.
Clattenburg took charge of the Manchester derby at the weekend.
He chose not to send off Vincent Kompany in Sunday's derby.
Boko Haram fighters have reportedly been murdering young women and girls.
They have also reportedly been using children as 'expendable cannon fodder'
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told a special session of the U.N. Human Rights Council.
This comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children were seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants.
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan.
Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show for the 25th anniversary screening.
Scorsese and producer Irwin Winkler sent video messages to the audience.
James Bond would have died minutes into Skyfall if he was real.
He was hit by a depleted uranium shell and then fell from a speeding train.
The round would have 'turned his lungs inside out and killed him'
In the unlikely event the round did not cause catastrophic injuries, the radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions'
On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her.
When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, according to police.
Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington.
An Amber Alert was issued
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack.
He was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar in Quincy.
Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat the father of two for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.
Fahey was arrested last Thursday following the attack after a witness identified him, but was scared for his life due to Fahey's reputation as a 'dangerous person'
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will be without them.
Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today.
He was charged with possessing an explosive substance and ammunition.
The charges were brought by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Arwani, 48, was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria.
His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks at club level.
The Barcelona star can't remember each one despite keeping a match ball.
Messi will lead the line for Barcelona when they take on PSG on Wednesday.
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign.
She showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners.
Rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range.
Christien Sechrist, 20, from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
But a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Despite his critics' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo, Christien told Buzzfeed that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was five months pregnant when she went into a coma in December.
A month later doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family calls Baby L, who she saw for the first time Wednesday.
Giles' prognosis is still not known, but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long.
Baby L meanwhile is doing well, but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center.
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night.
The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed.
Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser after Jermaine Beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.
The pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici.
The Gunners return to Wembley on May 30 to try to defend the trophy.
Gareth McCleary's second-half strike went over the line for Reading.
Colleen Ann Harris, 73, was convicted of murder in the shooting death of her third husband.
She was acquitted of killing her second husband, Robert Harris, 72, in 2013.
Mrs Harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back.
An Australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria.
The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed.
His extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet.
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde, a mule is hoisted on board the ship and even the moment a soldier makes the dash across No Man's Land.
The invasion is widely considered a shambles as soldiers were sent aimlessly to their deaths in Gallipoli peninsula in a bid to capture Constantinople.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
The mother-of-five allegedly threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter last Friday.
She allegedly played naked Twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18 year-old male in the bathroom.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals.
The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three.
She marked her return to work by apologizing for her 'hurtful' actions and has asked fans for a second chance.
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am during schoolies week in Byron Bay.
The prank backfired when he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers.
Police found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop.
He was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire.
He agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate.
But Mr Myers started eating an onion ring and Lawson drove the knife into his thigh.
Lawson'reacted in a very loud way' to what was happening and stabbed Mr Myers.
Recorder spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence.
Paula Radcliffe set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003.
The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.
Radcliffe was due to give a BBC interview on Tower Bridge with Denise Lewis.
Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of fuel oil when it caught fire.
It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria.
Environmental group Greenpeace has criticised the decision to tow the vessel.
Three mile slick of oil floating on the surface was photographed from the air last week.
Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
The clip begins with one of the Pogue family, who recently adopted Uno, tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher invited members of the public to bash out a melody.
The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
Last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman.
But the seemingly blasé response of the DJs in their latest clip has fuelled accusations that the video was staged.
West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City.
The 25-year-old has made 32 Premier League appearances this season.
Sam Allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for the defender.
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen.
The condition often affects people with no history of mental health problems.
But in many other cases, experts believe the condition is likely part of a broader psychosis, that is not unique to Jerusalem.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool.
But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help.
Instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
The incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides.
Captain Birdseye lookalike Richard Williams, 54, jailed for four years and eight months.
He spent £50,000 on converting a narrowboat into a replica German submarine.
His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam.
Judge Michael Murray told Williams: 'This was serious offending'
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton.
It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.
At the time, vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical.
The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
Officials could not immediately confirm how many cars the train had all together.
Civil emergency message activated for residents and businesses within 1.5-mile radius.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso.
McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent.
The running back ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device.
Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification.
A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories.
The move is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than expected.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez in San Jose, California.
Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.
He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby.
Family members said the eldest daughter was screaming, saying: 'Don't kill my mom'
Study by Kärcher reveals six in ten Brits are too busy to clean.
One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far.
A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before.
Other top ranking 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in plug hole.
More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended memorial service.
Many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in his death.
Brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, on Easter April 5.
He was left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt'
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal.
Mr Sheikh narrowly escaped being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal.
The elephant then quickly retreats and Mr Ramiul walks away miraculously unharmed.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK.
It beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title.
The supermarket chain offers a variety of breakfasts from porridge with red berries to its infamous Big Breakfast for £4.50.
Linda Farrow eyewear's Spring Summer 15 campaign shows Irina get close to Jarrod Scott.
The video follows the couple cavorting around an LA pool in the sunshine.
Irina, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff.
Victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home.
Witnesses described seeing three males behind Mr Leeke in Queen Street.
Hallisey was jailed for four years at Cardiff Crown Court.
The JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for their recent uniform revamp.
The uniforms were inspired by the Asian artwork in the hotel's common spaces.
MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.
Crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments.
Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution.
It is thought many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
Since the summer of 2013, a number of GP surgeries in London have been piloting seven-day opening.
Len McCluskey is highly popular with activists.
His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted.
McCluskey wants to use their financial and organisational muscle within the Labour movement to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive.
The three-year-old may have been abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW.
His parents released a heart-wrenching video earlier on Friday begging for his return.
They have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters at Augusta.
The 21-year-old has set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final.
Spieth could break Tiger Woods' 1997 tournament record of 18-under 270.
But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, are still posing a threat.
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The French striker missed Madrid's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Marca claim that Carlo Ancelotti is 'hesitating' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation as Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also look likely to miss Wednesday's clash.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago.
Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Some of the toys have been left to rot in the Rome studio, while others, which have been painstakingly restored, are returned to their owners.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying.
Ronny Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell.
Deila says Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations.
Mauricio Pochettino will be given a hostile reception at St Mary's.
Southampton fans are planning to show support for Ronald Koeman.
Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in the summer.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the gym.
The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year.
'You really shouldn't have to do all this to live a happy life,' said Jean Green Dorsey, 75, who has lived in the building since 1972.
Market-rate apartments go for $3,500 a month for one-bedroom units, which advertise granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances and close proximity to Whole Foods.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Loftus Park on Monday night.
Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy.
The ball boy initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball.
But the cheeky lad decides to embarrass the former England No 1 by rolling the ball through his legs.
Lib Dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art.
He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy'
But he admitted that maths had not been his strong point as a youngster.
Mr Clegg has promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success.
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday.
Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
The six-strong gang raided Hatton Garden last week in London's jewellery district.
They were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night.
The footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping.
Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
It is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm.
The footage was captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province.
Placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood.
Two women are about to become human weights.
The incredible showing of strength was videoed at a party.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986.
She had said goodbye to everyone except for her team.
But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery.
Johnson passed away shortly after, just as he was leaving, her family said.
New figures show a third of GP training posts remain unfilled.
This means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year.
Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis.
They say there is already a shortage of doctors in many parts of the country.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled.
Opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times.
Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida.
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer.
The game will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on July 29.
It is the 20th edition of the All Star match.
Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace’s first goal.
The speed of it, plus two players blocking his view, made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right.
Poet Rupert Brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in April 1915.
The letters are part of the John Schroder collection which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public.
Brooke became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as The Soldier.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.
Some said they fell ill and were not given medicine; others said had been promised jobs in Thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents.
They were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay.
Their catch is then shipped back to Thailand, where it enters global markets.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South.
Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea.
The beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, features an 'overlapping' of military installations along the coast.
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW.
The attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by police on Friday after the incident took place on Sunday night at Charlestown Square shopping centre, Newcastle.
They could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies when they were attacked.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.
This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
Stiviano recorded the now-infamous conversation with Donald Sterling in which he berated her for associating with black people and urged her not to bring minorities with her to Clippers basketball games.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen.
The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad.
He began running towards the animals, shouting he would 'kill them'
Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance' against the predators.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
The Italy striker scored against England in a friendly on Tuesday.
Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for continuing to support him.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
The demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
They came in for harsh criticism after the protests were allowed to continue, despite Mr Singh's death.
The iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.
In 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog, but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football.
Joe Montana led the 49ers to four Super Bowls while playing at Candlestick.
The 1989 World Series went down in history when during Game 3 a massive earthquake, which measured 7.1 on the Richter Scale, occurred shortly before play began.
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide on Monday.
He was driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit.
Acevedo repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers.
They urged them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like'
With the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal, the White House said administration officials would
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath.
She has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk.
The poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto.
It is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough.
Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison.
The program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
Jayla has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession.
Eathan Cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning, said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man said.
His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
The raids were carried out across Melbourne, and reportedly foiled an ANZAC Day terror plot.
Hoda Muthana, 20, left Hoover, Alabama, to wage holy war in Syria.
She was persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim.
Now the radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in America.
Muthana lived with moderate Muslim family until she fled to Raqqa, Syria.
Baltimore Police Department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007, a court heard.
A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away.
Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people.
The details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and Vili Fualaau, 31, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 on Friday.
The interview will air on ABC Friday at 10pm.
Letourneau pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies.
Her 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998.
Fualaau was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student.
Their two daughters, Audrey
Brenda Finn, 30, became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out.
She was left with crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school.
Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face.
Now she is calling for the procedure to be made available on the NHS.
It would save the NHS money to make the treatment available to alopecia sufferers.
England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake.
The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday.
Leah Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon.
England will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'
She has a'mainstream' part-time job that she uses as a 'cover'
Despite liking her job, it's not Canada's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give Celine pause - being paid for sex is legal, but living off payment of it is not.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.
The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April.
Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
After months of intensive treatment, it became clear there was little more doctors could do.
She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
Former Blair ally Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election.
He said David Cameron and George Osborne deserve credit for turning around the economy.
Dunstone said business is viewed as the problem, not the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home.
Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw.
Jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court after pleading guilty to assault by beating and using violence to secure entry to a premise.
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium.
The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, battled Clostridium difficile.
He lost his appetite and endured continuous pain.
It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant.
Gastroenterologist Chris Wells performed the procedure at the University Hospital of North Tees.
Gang of six men jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of sexual offences against teenager girls.
The offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire.
Girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'
One child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'
The judge rejected the argument put forward by the
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
He said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Mr Blair said he himself had been'mentored' by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement.
Police believe Samantha Fleming, 23, was lured from her home by Jones and the new mother brought Serenity with her.
Fleming's body was found stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach.
Jones is being treated in Texas for depression.
Finnish researchers compared weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription.
By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
Children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight.
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football.
The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia.
But a Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
West Brom paid tribute to Astle on 'Astle Day' as Baggies fans paid to tribute to the former striker.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan Police after video appeared online this week, showing her running over a rival in a street fight.
Smith-Walker and the victim, an unidentified fellow 19-year-old, threw up fists in the middle of a street in Muskegon, Michigan Monday evening.
The fight starts off with a few punches, and moves to the two girls brawling on a car.
That's when her rival grabs what looks to be a log and throws it at her windshield as she is backing out of her parking spot.
Bystanders emit
Jörg Düsterwald, 49, from Hameln, Germany, has been producing body art projects for the last 20 years.
His work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the German brush-painting champion at a national competition.
The photoshoots take several hours to complete and are heavily planned before the artist arrives at the location with the model.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34.
Claiming she would rather live with her parents, she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly.
But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and her husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it.
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam jumped through an open door of their van.
He was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away.
Michael McInerney, 34, was jailed for 11 years after admitting manslaughter.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 twice and 119-110.
The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base.
Warrington also picked up the vacant WBC International title.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti says he is not obsessed with Atletico ahead of the game.
Real are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term.
Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey.
Ancelotti said facing Atletico was 'honour and a problem'
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September.
On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges.
A judge will consider the request on May 4.
Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
Jockey AP McCoy is about to retire at the end of the season.
Jonjo O'Neill says he could not be happier with the horse.
Lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for Nightingale family.
It will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26.
Nightingale wrote of what she had seen in the conflict in her 1859 Notes on Nursing.
Lyoto Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to'max'
At the end of the video, the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit.
Machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb.
The 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion.
Ashley Young has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal.
The 29-year-old has been instrumental in their six game winning run.
Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
Someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $40,000.
The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, known as 'The Liquidator', was arrested on Friday.
Mexican authorities claim he is 'linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in Juarez City'
He is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking.
Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal an early 1-0 lead in the 12th minute.
Francis Coquelin doubled the Gunners' lead in front of a disappointing Burnley crowd.
The Welsh midfielder scored his ninth goal of the season in the second half.
Arsene Wenger's side are still in the bottom three but not without hope of beating the drop.
Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk.
He allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance.
To the strains of Julio Iglesias, he is claimed to have asked her: 'Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?'
The woman, known as Patient A, told a hearing considering Dr Jawad’s fitness to practise.
Dr Jawad featured in the Oscar-winning documentary Saving Face.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive.
Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
He described how so many Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains.
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
He was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland.
But he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
They have advanced to the city center despite 11 days of air
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production.
The director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter.
Amanda has already raised nearly $25,000 since starting the campaign in March.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January to unhitching two locomotives.
He then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph.
Brux was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'
In one text, Christopher Sousa refers to killing n******, in another, Jason Holding writes: 'Id have that noose ready' - in reference to black men.
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre.
The restaurant's owner – Mr Wing himself – is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible.
Wayne Rooney, in particular, visits the restaurant with his wife, Coleen.
Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £6million loan deal from Monaco.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao is the underdog for the bout, billed as The Biggest Fight In History.
The eight-division world champion looked fresh and sharp as he shadow boxed on Tuesday.
Lindsey Walker, 23, booked in to the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside.
She and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts.
The hotel was taken over by Malhotra Group in January, who have plans for major refurbishment.
Ms Walker said the family had been refused a full refund and accused of making up their story.
Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with sceptical face.
Mr Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing call to 'come at me bruv'
This is thought to reference how Labour leader posed direct message to Prime Minister.
Image was inspired by debate that saw Miliband warn he would not get into power without lurching left.
QPR host West Ham on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone.
Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League.
Sean Dyche's Burnley have had to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league.
New information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.
The substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water.
Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 in the large crater, Gale, located just south of the equator.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT.
But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin.
His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone.
Mr Ingram says it shows it was a pre-planned thing, not spur of the moment.
Halfords Autocentres have offered to refund the cost for the MOT and service.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body.
These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist.
Here, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year.
Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court.
He was then released on bail but banned from attending the Roof Gardens nightclub.
The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey.
It would be another 18 years before her coronation.
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins.
She was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men.
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine.
Support for Mr Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others.
Ukip leader has seen his support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories.
The OrcaSub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes.
The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows a 360 degree underwater view of everything from shipwrecks to coral reefs.
It also boasts a helipad, a two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests.
FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga have all adopted the septum ring.
The piercing is a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes.
In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton in the Chinese Grand Prix.
The German driver blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up.
Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of the crash.
Bernie Ecclestone recently highlighted that commentators 'don’t fully understand' technical terms.
The victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala are now suing Johns Hopkins University.
The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion.
It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment.
In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies, while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children.
They also unknowingly infected some men
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26.
He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap music.
The 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone.
It also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the attack.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games so far this season.
The Montenegro striker is keen to return to Italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013.
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for the Manchester City misfit.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service'
Video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist.
The video's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor, wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs.
It is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert.
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year.
The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
Kassab regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and son sleep with toy guns next to their beds.
Her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl'
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania.
Although Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts and not the Buckeye State, the former presidential candidate famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the White House.
It was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his Irish Setter Seamus on top of his car in a carrier.
Steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby.
Churchill Downs is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2.
Sutton won $600 dollars in 19567, when he bet on the winning horse Proud Clarion.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police.
Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London.
Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death.
The 19-year-old victim had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in London.
Okafor then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport, Woolwich Crown Court heard.
A pathologist concluded that the cause of death was a single stab wound to the front of the chest.
Lindsey Vonn made another appearance in Augusta on Thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend Tiger Woods while he goes after a fifth Masters championship.
Woods' children weren't around this time, though. And without them, ski champ Vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau.
Vonn's sympathy should come as no surprise, not only because she is girlfriend. She's also come roaring back from her own terrible injuries.
On Wednesday, Vonn showed up in Augusta alongside Tiger's two children with ex-wife Elin Nordegren.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014.
This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before.
Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
E-cigarettes typically deliver nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerin and flavorings through inhaled vapor.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago.
Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
He is expected to apply for bail on Monday afternoon.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend.
She scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points, or 87 per cent.
Her responses included 'Sanchez is buff' and that 'he scores a lot of goals'
The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers.
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend.
Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns.
It will allow small retailers and hospitality businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing.
He stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi.
Libya's second largest city was seized by hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia.
Fighting between rebels and regime forces has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King.
She said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
The couple revealed they plan to serve drinks in personalized Burger King cups.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley.
Ander Herrera added his second goal after 43 minutes with his right-footed strike.
United are now eight points clear of Brendan Rodgers and Liverpool in fifth.
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season.
The Chelsea forward's first-half strike proved crucial as the Blues eked out a 1-0 victory at Stamford Bridge.
Hazard is now the player you look to in a crisis.
He is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasn't been at its best.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 4-3 at Anfield in 1996.
Robbie Fowler and Stan Collymore scored the goals for the home side.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest.
It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March.
The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believe to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
They also damage vegetation and prevent its regeneration by feasting on seedlings.
Manchester United face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal believes his side will not be as defensive as Aston Villa.
United are currently one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City.
Van Gaal lost his first encounter with United's closest rivals last November.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
He is alleged to have tried to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
In one text conversation, Facey told him: 'You lot should make some money out of this lad, easy money'
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic in the 20th minute.
Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness from close range in the second half.
Celtic manager John Hughes struggled to find a solution to the loss of Billy McKay to Wigan in January.
Inverness goalkeeper Dean Brill was substituted off injured after 20 minutes.
Javier Hernandez is on loan from Manchester United.
The striker has scored four goals in four for Real Madrid.
Carlo Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele.
The poster was shot by Ellen von Unwerth and will be on display in Vienna.
It promotes the Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform.
She will also walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants to see the World Cup rotated between nations.
He is standing for FIFA president alongside Michael van Praag and Luis Figo.
Prince Ali has also promised greater transparency, including making public the salary of the FIFA president and executive committee members.
Study looked at voting habits of twins born in the UK.
The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent.
As twins grow up they can be influenced by different groups of friends, cultural experiences and points of view.
This can make it difficult to unpick the influence of environment over genetics.
But the study of twins found identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 in March after refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed in 2013.
Stutzman cited her religious beliefs when declining to service their wedding.
In February, a Benton County judge ruled that her refusal to provide flowers for the ceremony was a violation of Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
Given was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
The Belgian club are currently 13th in Belgium's Pro League.
Mouscron had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end.
Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland.
Labour leader will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’
Polls show Labour lags far behind the Conservatives in trust on managing the public finances.
Miliband infamously forgot to make any mention of the deficit in his party conference speech last year.
Restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across northern Vietnam.
Owners say demand is so high he's slaughtered 31 cats already that day.
Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade.
They claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions.
Cats are skinned alive, the bones removed and eaten.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India.
The teenager wanders past the monkey, who eyeballs him from a ledge.
Much like a human, the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult.
Catching the teenager off guard, it lands with its feet directly in his face.
He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey quickly bounds back.
Pilot declared an emergency shortly before the plane crashed.
The Piper PA-31 crashed in a wooded area close to the runway.
Eyewitnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the plane.
It is not known why the crash happened.
Firefighters battled to put out the flames on the crash site.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona.
The 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season.
Gomez insists he is keen to stay at Fiorentina.
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure.
It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
Patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for murder in Perugia, Italy.
Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007.
Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the murder before being conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria.
The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to Lesia Tsurenko.
Bouchard has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled.
Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year.
Digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
fell marginally from 2013.
The vinyl format has had a renaissance and now accounts for 2 percent of revenues.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value.
The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item.
Kaled said it 'will be stored at Khan Yunis public library until this issue is resolved'
St George's County Asylum in Stafford opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients.
It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments.
Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed asylum.
Dysentery and syphilis were said to have been commonplace at the now run down asylum.
Rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum.
While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white.
Rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium.
Animal was controversially captured during the annual dolphin hunt in Taiji.
Tottenham face Newcastle in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino believes another season in the Europa League could hamper Tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top four.
Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured hatred of Pennie Davis, 47, during six-year relationship with his father.
He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her.
Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest.
Carr accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot.
Detectives discovered cocaine addict Robertson accepted just £1,500 to commit the murder and was paid in counterfeit notes.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.
The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads.
Her mother suffers from Bells Palsy, among other health ailments.
Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to secure promotion to League One.
James Tavernier opened the scoring for the Robins.
Joe Bryan doubled Bristol's lead in the first half.
Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also scored.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative.
She then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington, D.C.
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy in New York on Friday.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
Jolie said she has made 11 visits to Syrian refugees in the region since the crisis began in 2011.
Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from shelves.
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm.
They said they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'
The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Norman Turgel, 24, and Polish girl Gena, 20, were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years.
Gena weighed only a few pounds and was a walking skeleton, for whom certain death was only days away.
Among the recently dead was Dutch girl Anne Frank whose diaries while hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam became world renowned.
Frank was living in the Netherlands when the Nazis seized it in 1940, leaving them trapped.
In 1942 they were forced into hiding in secret rooms hidden inside Otto Frank's office building.
They spent two years there, but were anonymously
Darren Goddard, 48, was reunited with son Lewis Helget, 27, last month.
The pair met at Stansted Airport last month as Lewis flew to the UK.
Mr Goddard's marriage to Lewis' mother ended after he was involved in a serious car accident.
Just six years earlier, he had moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army.
He met his mother Aggi, who he married two years later.
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London.
Animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing the horse.
Cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels.
California has been in a drought for four years.
The order calls on local water agencies to implement tiered water pricing that charges higher rates as more water is used.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'
When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people.
Trump, a multibillionaire who's considering a presidential run, will be in New Hampshire on Saturday – where the episode will likely come up.
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday.
Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League.
Chelsea now need just six points from five games to claim their first Premier League title since 2010.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland.
Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook.
Kandrick said: 'I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal'
The stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a'strong woman'
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving.
The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW.
On Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police.
Police have not yet identified the woman's body but are investigating whether it could missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35.
Thomas Buckett, 21, plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight.
He sustained life-changing head injuries as a result.
Staffordshire County Council failed to do more to secure the premises.
Mr Buckett had to undergo invasive surgery which allowed him to walk and talk again.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday.
Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years'
In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
One email, sent by city clerk Mary Ann Tw
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work.
She divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations.
The scope of the book is broad. We meet those who are selling, entertaining, thinking, caring.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, have posted pictures from all their yogic adventures on Instagram.
The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.
Their travels have taken them all over the globe, from Ubud, Bali, to Barcelona to the banks of the Hudson River in New York.
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday.
The 27-year-old Scot is back in Britain after his Miami Open defeat to Novak Djokovic on Sunday.
There are believed to be well over 100 people attending.
But star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries.
The symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea.
Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out inhaler.
She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat.
Neighbour came to her rescue and pounded her back before calling 999.
After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back.
Ms Hall is now urging others to check their inhalers before use.
The chairman of a House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday called former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to testify.
The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state.
It will allow the GOP to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a CIA annex nearby.
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.
His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday.
On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Scott last weekend.
Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
When Scott fled -
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over.
Royal Horticultural Society is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife.
The society is offering tips on how to transform grey areas.
The actress is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million.
If the penthouse sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side.
Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood.
Airbus A321 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London forced to return to Baku.
Customers believed different on board BA Flight BA144 from Mumbai, India.
Flight BA198 from Mumbai to London landed in Istanbul, Turkey.
Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning.
Third flight in 24 hours diverted to Paris Charles de Gaulle.
Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a jet-ski session with his girlfriend Lucy.
But the rain came down and they retreated to their lounger.
Calzaghe hung up his gloves after a stunning career.
Peter O'Toole was the star of 1962 classic film Lawrence of Arabia.
He can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades.
Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved.
Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through.
HM Passport Office made a surplus of £42.3 million between April and October last year.
NBC's committee investigating alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences made by Brian Williams.
They are looking at a February 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart about the Arab Spring.
The anchor said he caught the eye of a mounted government soldier before violence at Cairo's Tahrir Square made the situation 'turn sour'
However, there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties in Islington, north London.
Despite being only a little wider than a rugby player’s shoulders, the estate agency described the property as being 'well proportioned'
At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and the property was put on the market with Foxtons for £750,000.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season.
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team.
Austin will be monitored by Roy Hodgson and Ray Lewington.
England face Republic of Ireland on June 7 and Slovenia seven days later.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside.
Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area.
A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
England will no longer compete in the Victory Shield.
The Football Association do not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday.
The suspect, who hasn't been named, was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile.
On searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside.
He was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser.
While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the
Josh Mason is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar.
He said a visit from the party leader would not 'do us any favours'
Mr Clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since 2010.
The party secured 23 per cent of the vote in the 2010 election.
Anthony Joshua faces Jason Gavern in Newcastle on Saturday.
The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts.
Gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career.
Patrick Bamford scored the opening goal of the game for Middlesbrough.
The on-loan Chelsea striker has now scored 15 goals this season.
Malky Mackay's side remain five points adrift of safety.
The Fifth Avenue thoroughfare thronged with color on Sunday afternoon.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers.
One woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of Mayor Bill de Blasio.
Lord Janner, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia.
He claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances.
But he has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his home in December 2013.
Last October he took a formal leave of absence from Parliament.
New rules came into effect last May provide a way for peers to retire permanently.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years.
He has a geography degree and three A-levels, but has not been called for interview.
Despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job.
Mr Davies says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
PJ Spraggins, from Birmingham, Alabama, lost 145lbs in one year.
His blood pressure was too high to perform the operation.
The next day the couple from Birmingham were dealt a blow.
PJ embarked on a relentless fitness regime.
Finally, in December 2014, they got the green light to undergo surgery.
In February, they went under the knife together.
Strapless dresses are a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses.
But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?
Lace pencil dress, £169, Monsoon.co.uk.
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety.
Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs.
The Foxes remain bottom of the Premier League table.
Shaun Worthington, 29, was driving home from a speed awareness course.
He was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic.
The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck.
His mother, Jean Allen, appealed to other motorists not to use their mobile phones while driving.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the fight sold out within minutes on Thursday night.
Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like Periscope or Meerkat.
Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
39% of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to 33% for Labour.
Comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million.
It comes after series of polls suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of the Tories.
Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days.
Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission.
She is currently being held on a $100,000 bond.
Self-styled 'angry Leftie revolutionary and magician' Gareth Shoulder recruited by BBC to comment on Election.
24-year-old made disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
BBC says it ‘hand-picked’ its 200-strong Generation 2015 youth panel.
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom.
The heartwarming epistolary book was published last week and has arrived just in time for Mother's Day on May 10.
Kelly's former co-star on E!'s Fashion Police, Joan Rivers, was also paid tribute to by her daughter Melissa Rivers.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last spring.
Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Against overwhelming odds Redman recovered, and on March 24 he helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Unfortunately, Huber was not there to celebrate with Redman.
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium.
Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground.
A NSW police spokeswoman has confirmed to Daily Mail
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
The 23-year-old's fitness record is the one thing holding him back.
Ray Parlour has backed him to be the future of the club.
Parlour won three FA Cups under Arsene Wenger three times.
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later.
Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8.
The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
Xabi Alonso admits he has his sights on some personal glory.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Alonso won Europe's top club prize in his first season at Liverpool.
He scored the equaliser for 3-3 against AC Milan before Liverpool won 3-2 on penalties.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers.
They then stun him again, and again, as lies face-down on ground.
As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch.
Then, other deputies arrive on scene, and one clearly swings stun gun at Pus' head.
Chillingly, after beating, a deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over'
San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on
Tim Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Aston Villa host Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino says Sherwood will be shown respect on his return.
Sherwood trusted in the likes of Harry Kane and Nabil Bentaleb last season.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday.
The 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week.
Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent.
He has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
Ballantyne Forder, 20, who had been reported missing, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones.
Her family launched a desperate search to find her, posting information across social media in the hopes someone can provide them with information.
Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche.
Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt.
Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver, from Victoria, and his
Ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how Cameron has reversed greying process.
Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron's hand and 'complimented him on his appearance'
Mr Cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 on Saturday to stay seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from the win.
The Brazilian believes Jose Mourinho has given his squad the confidence to perform.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps.
He left the cockpit to give a pre-flight speech so all passengers could look him in the eye.
Mr Kelly's post said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal'
Lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in Europe in recent history.
Two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented in 1915.
Len and Beatrice Barnes raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property.
But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now moved away.
Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is now selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday.
The Disney worker told authorities he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at Disney.
Davis was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
Kai Windsor, now 10, is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty.
The number of transgender referrals to the NHS for children under 11 has quadrupled since 2009.
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK.
He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money.
Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday.
He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.
The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990s hit song 'Ice Ice Baby,' said at the time of his arrest in February that the situation had been 'overblown'
The rapper's home currently is under construction
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans.
The 30-year-old royal was filmed howling with excitement as the Spitfire performed a loop over the English Cennel.
He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force tomorrow.
Allie Davis, 21, delivered her boyfriend the ten-question document yesterday.
She informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter.
Her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints.
If the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies.
The game's designers continue: 'Anorexia is a serious disease and fatal if not cured in time'
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave.
Wright believes his troubled times at the club are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season.
Liverpool's Raheem Sterling is an Arsenal target who also has his contract expiring next summer.
Alex Impey is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness.
The father-of-two says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney.
Larisa Rule, three, suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
Within two days she was having up to 60 uncontrollable seizures a day - some lasting more than an hour.
Her parents, Jaylen Siery, tried almost everything to stop the convulsions and even
Swan sold its first iron in 1933.
It has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron for £279.99.
But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Rangers will face Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3.
The Ibrox club's final game of the season will be moved back 24 hours.
Hibs, Hearts and Rangers have lodged formal complaints with the league.
SPFL say it is 'unreasonable' to expect all Championship games to kick off simultaneously.
Labour leader refused to guarantee Harriet Harman would become Deputy Prime Minister.
Just hours before the party launched its women's manifesto, he declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10.
The snub comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had posted 'effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'
The message, posted last Sunday night, was deleted by Monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents.
The restaurant later posted an apology on the page, saying that the 'hate and threats' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy.
Owner Richard Moore said that he sympathized with parents whose children have tantrums because of special needs conditions such as autism.
Peter Costello has fired a damaging salvo at the Abbott government.
The former treasurer described its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'
The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12.
Experiment tracked stolen data from California as it travelled the globe.
It found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks.
Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
Jose Mourinho prepared his Chelsea players to deal with threat of Marouane Fellaini.
But he was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing.
Mourinho planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Belgian.
Chelsea won 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to move within two wins of the Premier League title.
The Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk on Thursday morning.
It was carrying 132 crew members when its engine room was flooded.
The trawler tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in.
At least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation.
So far 63 people have been rescued, with 13 still missing.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms.
The Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model.
Vin insists that his tattoos create 'a myth, a mystery' and will one day help him achieve his goal of global fame.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Catalans have already encountered PSG twice during this year's campaign.
Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome PSG's star-studded squad.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.
But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks.
Mr Miliband’s enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last September.
England struggled on day four of the second Test in Grenada.
Joe Root scored 182 not out on his way to an impressive big hundred.
Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs.
England are 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps after the morning session.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning.
He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night.
Ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria.
They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border.
Michelle, 27, has teased fashion fans with some items from her new Lipsy range.
The actress and model, who is getting set to tie the knot with fiance Mark Wright, shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in the new campaign imagery.
She says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in Gallipoli.
Day began in London with dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch.
Later the Queen led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall.
Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret.
The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time.
Arizona's The Wave and Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are some of the most unbelievable sights in the world.
Experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day.
Icelandic Mountain Guides are among a host of companies running tours and charge from £65 for a four-hour walk.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers.
When the posted initial price is of a round number, such as $1,000, the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number.
But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent more likely  to sell at all.
Researchers from Cornell University, eBay Research Labs and the University of California, Berkeley, have addressed the problem in a new paper.
Two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time.
The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Both were assigned to Naval Special Warfare Group Two, which contains SEAL teams.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid.
Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Giuliana Rancic and Jerry O'Connell were pictured together at the Maxim Hot 100 party in Las Vegas in June 2004.
Jerry was 'talking up Rebecca as a prelude to feeling up Rebecca'
Rebecca was all alone at the event as she had just announced her separation to actor John Stamos just two months prior.
Perth Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years.
The club suffered a 3 - 0 defeat to Sydney on Friday night.
Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone.
FFA claimed the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players.
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast for Surrey.
Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the Indian Premier League season concludes at the end of next month.
The Twenty-eight-year-old is capped by his country in all formats but not selected for the forthcoming Ashes.
Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund.
The Spanish midfielder hadn't played for the Bayern since March in 2014.
Thiago admits he is still far from full fitness but is now hoping to get back into the side.
Paul Hellyer was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967.
He is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data.
'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said.
Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens in 2005.
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks.
Officials had said Friday three people were killed, but that number was later changed to two.
An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third.
United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
But Alves' camp say now is not the time to name the club.
Devendra Bishoo will play against England in the second Test.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed leg-spinner will play.
Bishoo's record over 11 caps is modest, with 40 wickets at 39.55.
Rory McIlroy battled with Jamie Dornan during a game of Circular Soccer.
The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown.
McIlroy is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child.
Ibrahim Jalloh and Bengali Sherrif were arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
The two Australians were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice.
Sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death.
Jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence.
Robert Ellis' body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound.
He was dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village in Bali.
His Indonesian wife Noor Ellis, 25, faces the death penalty if found guilty.
Her two sons, Peter and John, said they are reconciled to her.
Robert Durst, 71, was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend, writer Susan Berman, in Los Angeles.
He is currently on federal gun charges before being extradited to California.
In handwritten letter, Durst says he 'hated LA traffic, which makes Houston look like a small town'
He also says that his interests are 'opera and pro football'
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research into the causes, shocking figures reveal.
The outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each.
£10 spent on the health and social needs of patients.
Just 11 per cent of research funding allocated to the four conditions was allocated to dementia.
AP McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It.
He has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles.
McCoy has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his career.
The legendary jockey will jump his final fence at Sandown this weekend.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over edge of crib.
'Safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex coroner said.
Coroner Penelope Schofield issued report expressing concern over Bednest Bedside cot.
She said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in the frozen wastes of Minnesota in 2001.
She had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase.
According to the film, she froze to death searching for the $1m stash.
But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English.
Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter - newly released by American filmmakers.
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight.
They wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out Beijing residents who live stressful lives.
Artist Xiao Wang said he and fellow graffiti artists worked through the night to complete project 'Beijing Warmth'
The project may soon be removed, after a spokesman said the phone booths should not have been painted a different colour.
QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Richard Dunne (knee) is close to a return but will not be considered.
Rio Ferdinand also absent for QPR with unspecified knock.
Diego Costa ruled out for Chelsea with hamstring injury.
Cesc Fabregas will start alongside Nemanja Matic in midfield.
John Obi Mikel fit again following knee injury.
Marc Carn, 29, from Plymouth, Devon, was drinking in Irish bar with ten friends.
He suddenly disappeared on Saturday night and failed to turn up for flight home.
His worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down.
They said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins Freddie and Stanley.
But the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the British Consulate.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One.
Dean Bowditch scored the only goal of the game 25 minutes from time.
Carl Baker secured the win with two fine goals.
Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City next season.
The grey'stealth' speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year.
Increase has been put down to the introduction of'smart motorways' which use the cameras to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban.
Animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'
The dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town.
The organisation has carried out investigations into the conditions.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was built in 1895.
It housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.
Images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens.
Nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains of the prison is cracked paint, crumbling hallways and empty cells which once housed its human guinea pigs.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat.
United are now 11 points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'
But he added: 'So we will pursue an independent perspective, the next Labour government, but on the issue of Trident: would but we could get rid of it'
Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident.
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship.
Cavani has been linked with a summer exit.
The Homeless Period project aims to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle.
It is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter.
A campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough on the street of Brixton for six months.
She was forced to use makeshift sanitary products while menstruating.
The team behind the campaign, Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them.
Men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on wave of patriotism sweeping Russia.
Move comes ahead of military parade in Red Square on May 9.
It underscored contribution of Red Army to defeating Nazis.
SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties.
She said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis.
Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Miliband's hopes.
So-called 'boomerang generation' are placing parents under serious financial pressure.
They are living at home even in their twenties and thirties.
Debt organisations have warned that parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away.
Many are buying used cars unaware that old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands.
Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam'
Retrosweat is an aerobics class in the style of Jane Fonda's iconic workouts.
Described as 'freestyle aerobic workout,' it involves choreography to match the Eighties soundtrack.
Dooley says class goers tend to adopt a complete alter ego as their costume collection grows.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying.
Her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation.
The wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique.
The two leaders are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama.
The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba.
Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run eight marathons between January and September 2015.
His 'Eight Great States' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley.
Malachy died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old.
Callum is inspired by the incredible strength and resilience Malachy displayed as he faced the challenges of a Congenital Heart Disease.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak.
P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
She switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray.
Ms Eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded 'all Muslims ISIS supporters' and insulted the woman's husband and headscarf.
The Muslim couple told Ms Eden that they were'very grateful' for her stand.
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia.
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on
Manchester United have signed a £750million deal with adidas.
The German brand will make their kits for 10 years starting from 2015-16.
Images suggest that United's away kit for next season will be white.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members.
Mr Farage today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
He said his protest was sparked by hostile audience reaction to his argument that high levels of immigration were increasing pressure on the housing market.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage.
Company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX' launch of Falcon 9.
Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines.
The remains of Stephanie Scott have been formally identified.
The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
NSW Health says a post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner.
Ms Scott's father Robert said it is especially painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-W
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne.
Mr Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia'
Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that'
Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the United States virtually tax free.
The Australian arms of technology giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are being audited by the Australian Tax Office.
New generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet your needs.
Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara (£28) comes in dozens of brush shapes.
Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is like a personal shopping service for make-up.
A huntsman spider crawled out from under the door handle of a Victorian car.
The terrifying video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for 'conspiracy related to the drug offenses'
Kevin Sinfield is to join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season.
Sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list.
Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became Britain's youngest sex swap patient.
At 16, she became youngest person in Britain to be accepted for treatment.
But part way through her treatment, stress of transition became too much.
She called a halt to it and is now paying for her treatment privately.
Says: 'It's the only way I have of earning enough money to become a woman'
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico.
The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Victor Ramirez.
She began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation.
Her sister Belinda Munoz said that she'sat there in a mess of fluids and blood just oozing out of her body causing her to be soaked in bed'
The Australian Medical Association has warned Australians of the danger of travelling to developing countries to seek surgery.
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa was arrested late Saturday. No one was injured.
Police say he had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
He is facing charges including child abuse.
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours.
He went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting.
Mr Dunning said he kept the winning ticket in his wallet to make sure the winning pocket was still with him during the shift.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week.
The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career.
Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
Then-Bradford chairman Stafford Heginbotham was linked to eight other fires.
High court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said fire was not started deliberately.
West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence.
Barclays chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as Barclays’ share price has plunged since the financial crisis.
Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing.
FBI released images of unidentified man they are trying to trace.
They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them identify victim.
Images of 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' that appear to show her being abused.
One picture does not show any abuse taking place, but shows unidentified man posing with her.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
Like the infamous scene from Dumb and Dumber involving ice, a ski lift and a tongue, the fly becomes attached to the frozen food.
The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last.
Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off.
The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it.
But the industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
Hampshire police launched the hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital.
The five-year-old was found in Spain but released without charge.
Staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
£1406 was spent on accommodation, £792 on flights, £132 on travel and parking, £213 on food and subsistence and £900 on hiring experts to report to CPS.
Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, has the worst record for prison escapes.
One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57.
His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out.
Murderer Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot.
MoS analysis suggests Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.
Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
There were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Qatar’s executive committee member Mohammed bin Hammam.
Tiny robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight.
Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page.
The England flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season.
Haskell has played his rugby in France, Japan and New Zealand.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack.
She also claims to have had a stream of  intimidating phone calls since starring on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed'
During the programme she described other hotels in Blackpool, Lancashire, as 'grim' in response to another couple's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area.
Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire.
Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames.
Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
The annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns.
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City.
The Mexico international has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid.
Eight European sides are also interested in the 26-year-old.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
Deputy Labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases.
Asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT'
George Osborne said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the ‘fuel duty escalator’
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007.
She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
Her sister, Dannii, 20, also had a tumour, although hers is benign.
Stacey has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago.
Dannii is now awaiting a scan to see if it has grown and what the best course of treatment will be.
Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield.
The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line.
Dott is through to the last 16 of the Betfred World Championship.
Janet Brown was found naked, gagged with packing tape at her home.
Her body was found at the bottom of the stairs of Radnage, Buckinghamshire.
The 51-year-old nurse was attacked and killed in her own home in 1995.
Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery.
Mrs Brown's daughters Roxanne and Zara described her as a 'kind and loving nurse'
You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain.
You can catch sight of ospreys at Rutland Water, especially during the summer.
The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds.
Six men accused of exploding car bomb in Syrian city of al-Mayadin.
They are marched to wooden stump and ordered to kneel before being beheaded.
One by one, they are paraded in front of men and young boys.
Their heads are carefully placed on a wooden platform, before they are taken off.
Shocking video has emerged on ISIS' vast social media channels.
It cuts from merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults.
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
His parents, Donna and Peter Lane, broke down as they listened to 911 call.
Chancey Luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder.
The teen was riding in a Ford Focus with two teenage friends.
Lane was visiting his girlfriend in Duncan when he was randomly gunned down.
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull.
The Australian driver has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics.
Ricciardo finished third quickest in practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.
The mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
She hit her target weight in December 2014, shrinking from 14st to around 10st 5lb.
Her colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger model.
Andrea says she'd tried every fad diet with little success ever since she reached a size 16/18 in her early teens.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head.
Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request.
Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers is considering recalling Dejan Lovren.
Lovren has been out of the team recently, but could return.
Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Britt McHenry, 28, a Washington D.C.-based sports reporter for ESPN, has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant surfaced online.
The 28-year-old had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera.
McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera.
Binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand.
She says faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving Chelsea street style.
Binky has been in the cast of the hit E4 programme since 2011.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago.
They repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.
Mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007.
But Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
However, Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby.
After IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting.
The 26-year-old holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon.
Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes.
Without the Eiffel Tower in Paris, the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark, which is not surprising considering it has 336 lamps illuminating it at night.
The iconic Tower Bridge is featured in nearly every London tourist shop and often mistakenly referred to by visitors as London Bridge.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.
He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64.
His family has not revealed the cause of his death.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it.
This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts this season.
Manchester United agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer.
Real Madrid must now take their chances with other suitors if they wish to sign him.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 at the Parc des Princes.
Luis Suarez scored a second-half double to put them in control.
Yohan Cabaye struggled and looked out of his depth at times.
Edinson Cavani had no luck in front of goal and was wasteful.
Bluey the cat has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow.
The 12-year-old cat is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge.
She is said to be gentle and loving and is looking for a new owner.
Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy in the 1980s.
She was charged as part of Operation Winthorpe, Scotland Yard's investigation.
Five people have been charged by officers investigating child sex abuse.
Chandler is due to appear at Southwark Crown Court on April 21.
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.
She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm.
The 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
Her condition means that external exposure to water is the main problem, rather than drinking liquid.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford.
The facility was served with a federal stop-work order last month.
Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network.
Miners have since appealed the order and spokesman, Kerby Jackson, confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from 'burning or breaking anything'
Leanne Bourne, from Romford, Essex, began to suspect her partner Steve was having an affair.
But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe.
Now, three years after the affair that tore her family apart, Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
At one point Nikki's father makes an appearance, in keeping with tradition.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's win over Burnley.
The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will certainly be out for several months.
Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign.
She gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
Couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire.
Pierre Collins, 33, was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins.
The boy's body was found in the Mississippi River over the weekend.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation involving his son.
Collins has said he is innocent.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl was 'a fun thing'
Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on Liu Siying.
The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism.
Siying has since defended Hamilton, remarking: 'I did not think too much about it at all'
Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Italy international made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru's Cotahuasi Valley.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing.
Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
The mummies ranged in age from several days old to the elderly.
But over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments.
In one
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya.
The 15-year-old ended their relationship after he dumped her for a classmate.
Police set up a sting operation, sending undercover officer to pose as a hit.
He filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her teenage ex-lover.
After handing over expense money, she was arrested in her car.
She now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder.
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash.
The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday.
Her girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster.
Police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash the same time the girl was abducted.
James Boase was convicted of drink driving at Torquay Magistrates' Court.
The 36-year-old pub landlord claimed he was sleepwalking and was not drunk.
He claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and awoke beside his car.
But prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his Nissan Navara.
Boase has been remanded on unconditional bail until May 12 for a pre-sentence report.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014.
The eight-year-old had already run several half marathons and raised $1,700 for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Lota underwent his fourth brain surgery on Wednesday, April 1, and while the Ward family remains optimistic, the fight is not over yet.
Gibbons are known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit.
They produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear.
But scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours.
Researchers at Wisconsin University in Madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes.
Oscar hopes that Chelsea winning the Premier League can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal.
Chelsea travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face their nearest rivals.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40-60million.
Palace boss says all his players are 'undervalued'
Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Palace's 4-1 win at Sunderland on April 11.
Pardew is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars.
A young Star Wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by R2D2.
The robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling.
In the video, which shows the boy giggling with delight, the blue and white robot dances approaches him and copies the child as he begins to turn on his wheels.
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National.
McCoy will retire next week, but will not ride in the Scottish National.
The 29-year-old had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks.
He tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all.
Doctors said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain.
This might be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing.
Joe Root scored 118 not out on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
England posted 373 for six at stumps on St George's Day.
Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott.
Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Ballance, Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes departed deep into the final session.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City.
He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver.
The driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller - was let off the hook by fellow cops.
Corrales claims he held on the windshield wipers to make sure he did not fall off
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night.
Liverpool’s manager had already gone cold on the Italian.
Brendan Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker.
He knew Jose Mourinho considered him ‘unmanageable’
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting.
Clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on Top Gear.
The episode was apparently filmed last July.
Tim Sherwood takes on friend Chris Ramsey when Aston Villa play QPR.
Ramsey was Sherwood's closest lieutenant at Tottenham last season.
Villa were swept aside by Manchester United on Saturday.
Sherwood insists he will allow nothing to distract him from his focus.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside.
The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC.
They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used.
Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars.
BBC also used a'sad face' emoticon to describe the death of the world's oldest woman.
Braylon Robinson was playing at house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled trigger.
Minutes later, he was rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Now, investigators are trying to determine where gun came from, and identity of person responsible.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said that person responsible will likely face charges in relation to shooting.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February.
There have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded.
But Oscar insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will stay.
Chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the Premier League.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday.
Stoll, who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond.
Andrews, 36, sparked engagement rumors after she posted an Instagram photo of her wearing a large, square-cut diamond ring last month.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, died in the head-on crash on Saturday.
Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred.
The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services.
They are reported to be in stable conditions.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves.
The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning.
They were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but were then held in a hangar.
Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013.
Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana.
In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
But when the case appeared
Residents of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders.
'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read.
The letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community Facebook page.
Other locals were 'horrified' by the letter.
Experts say women are abandoning the traditional jewel in favour of exotic gems.
Increase in demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen prices soar.
Kate Middleton proudly wore a Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana as her engagement ring.
A-list stars Beyoncé, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet.
Dick Advocaat takes charge of Sunderland for the first time on home soil.
The 67-year-old failed to recognise the significance of the Wear-Tyne Derby.
Sunderland could be in the bottom three by kick-off on Sunday.
David Cameron backs royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth.
Royal couple chose St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London, over public care offered by the NHS.
Prime Minister said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options.
Julie Bishop is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years.
She wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions.
Everton players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday.
Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex.
Dino Maglio, 35, has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl.
He was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday.
The girl reported being drugged and raped while staying at his home.
Maglio claimed sex with the girl was consensual but admitted he was'stupid' to spike her drink.
Prosecutors are seeking a seven-year jail term.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games.
Coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack.
The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league.
Men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues.
They didn't pick up a single mention of football, while women were discussed only occasionally.
One man in the Lord Nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman.
The 216 prisoners, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
They were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions.
The freed Yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed.
Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies.
Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes.
It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti- Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia.
Lucy Scott, from Edinburgh, had her first baby in 2012.
She found nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued.
Scott created the book after looking back at her own experience.
The 'doodle diary' reassures all new parents that every hilarious, terrifying or disgusting occurrence is completely universal.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season as Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1.
Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve further.
Kane is the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark.
Click here for more Tottenham news.
Sian Harkin, 54, signed cheques totalling £30,000 to builder Lee Slocombe.
She claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth.
But work was actually carried out in her Pontypridd home, Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court heard.
Harkin 'dabbled' in school funds while headteacher of the primary.
The mother-of-two was jailed for 43 months earlier this year for fraud.
Cloud formation resembling Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province.
Shi Chao, a student at the university, saw the cloud on his way to the library.
Chinese internet users have since shared and commented on Shi's photo.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S.
BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free.
The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur.
The brave ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The German coach has vowed to win as many games as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Paul Harris, 47, was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Miss Lawrence, who was 35 when she disappeared, was last seen on March 18, 2009.
She was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York.
Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Ten top doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, the dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine.
They accused Dr Oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland.
Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam.
It was unclear how the couple died.
The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands.
Odion Ighalo scored Watford's equaliser to secure a point at the iPro Stadium.
Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a strike into the bottom corner.
Marco Motta was sent off just before half-time for bringing down Johnny Russell in the area.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, faced growing calls to stand down.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims.
She ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences.
But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before.
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body.
The child, who is hearing-impaired, suffered deep cuts to his head that required 40 staples and injuries to his face.
His sister, Alyssa, 9, ran over and scared off the hounds so she could tend to Elijah.
On Monday, the animals that attacked Elijah were still seen in a neighbor's yard.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years.
He began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy.
Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month.
His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors.
Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him last season.
The Chelsea manager was visibly surprised by the question.
Mourinho praised the 'top question' before giving an equally ambiguous answer.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found slim majority.
37% of floating voters have been impressed with PM's performance.
Nicky Morgan set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon impressed 21% of voters.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse, all from Utah, have both transitioned gender.
Church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity cannot be baptized.
But the three have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss.
Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow.
Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
The medical community believes Morgellons is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or suffering from substance abuse.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday.
The 20-time champion jockey will be attending the wedding of one of wife Chanelle’s friends.
McCoy will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara, both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby on Tuesday.
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the visitors.
Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory.
Richie Benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'
Australia Test captain Michael Clarke believes Benaud's spirit made him one of the most popular figures in the game.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring for the visitors with a first-half hat-trick.
Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win on Easter Sunday.
Comic books must go through lengthy process to get jokes on air.
Some have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall before they are aired.
Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal involving Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results.
Real Madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015.
Atletico have won all three home 'derbis' by a 7-0 aggregate this term.
Ancelotti is in perhaps the most embarrassing position of his career.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League last season.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique are all in the semi-finals.
Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes' failing side.
Hernandez and Ronaldo combined for Real Madrid's winner against Atletico Madrid.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly.
Lindsay Lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap.
Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks.
Kate Moss was one of the most famous supermodels in the world.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-0 in the semifinals.
The Czech Republic are the current reigning champions.
They will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011.
Their teenage son, Mark, acted as Best Man.
Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower.
His beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda, 47, eight times.
She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back.
He was 'choked up and emotional' when he said: 'I think Amanda is playing away'
Alfred Harris, a friend of the couple for more than six years, told how he had confided in him that he believed she was having an affair.
Jury shown dramatic footage of moment police arrived at couple’s home to be greeted by a ‘calm�
Tulip Siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh.
She is standing for Labour in Hampstead, where she is a former aide to Ed Miliband.
Tories accuse Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin.
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday.
Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am.
A member of the entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money.
DMX was scheduled to perform on Saturday night at the Master of Ceremony concert at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center.
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of Channel 4 interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London.
He had been on good form when the exchange started - in which, as arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster.
But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union.
He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda in the 1970s.
Bukovsky managed to smuggle 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
But he has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday.
Burger King will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns.
The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin, Illinois.
The footprints were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, 1.5 million years ago.
They were left by a barefooted early human that walked much like we do.
Scientists believe they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time.
This suggests Homo erectus went after larger prey.
It provides some of the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors that left the prints were sophisticated hunters.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway.
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans.
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time, but the case remains under investigation.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix ever did.
Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney. It has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe.
A trip to Adelaide's Central Market is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson feels it is disrespectful not to acknowledge his team's achievements.
Hibs fans favourite Alim Ozturk inferred that the decision not to have a guard of honour showed a lack of respect by Hibs.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd have rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days.
Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states - New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.
For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Har
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland.
The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over Newcastle.
Sunderland finish the season with trips to Arsenal and Chelsea.
Advocaat is open-minded when it comes to his future.
Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire are being used.
Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities'
But they 'have an ulterior motive', Detective Constable Gareth Jones said.
Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her beachside home.
She wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused.
It has concerns it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
The actress bought the eight bedroom house in West Sussex in 2013.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour.
The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July.
There is no buy-out clause in their £750m, 10-year deal with adidas.
United traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at Old Trafford.
Jim Ratcliffe has applied to planning officials in the New Forest.
He wants to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion.
The 62-year-old businessman claims that the new house will be his only UK residence.
Proposed mansion will be virtually 'carbon-zero' and uses renewable energy.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a 2-1 aggregate win.
The Biancoceleste will face Empoli in the final on June 7 in Rome.
Poundland announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year.
The budget retailer's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains.
Research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets.
A sickening propaganda image has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning: 'This child will be risk to you not just to us'
Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.
Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer.
The men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, first practiced in 960 AD.
They release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL after posting a homophobic slur on Instagram.
The 27-year-old posted an offensive remark in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans.
Luke was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock during the round five NRL match between the Canterbury Bulldogs and the South Sydney Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium.
He has since apologised and confirmed he has managed to find two young people who were involved in the alleged attack.
Patrick Barkham's book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune.
The National Trust’s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled.
Barkham sails keenly for two of the inhabited islands off the coast.
Analysts at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch graphic videos all day.
They receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience.
The analysts watch clips of beheadings, violent attacks and hard core pornography which sometimes features children in an effort to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned.
The Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
The competition's winning image was taken by Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo.
Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded leader of satanic cult.
Scotland Yard investigated 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children.
They were tortured by their mother and her partner, who attacked them.
Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled.
Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory.
The Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie.
Spieth was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at Augusta.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford.
The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting this morning.
Awford said his goodbyes to the Portsmouth players after he was informed of the news.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday.
She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media.
The woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo.
Cut a slim physique and an almost innocent smile, she also donned a Kevlar jacket beneath a gold necklace.
Temperatures are expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.
This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F)
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Heat.
The 30-year-old also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list.
Golden State's Harrison Barnes hit a running shot in the lane with less than a second remaining, lifting the Warriors to a thrilling 107-106 win over Phoenix.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted out 'I win!'
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London.
He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor.
In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet, Isleworth Crown Court heard.
Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young has a two-shot lead at the halfway point.
The 22-year-old birdied four of her first nine holes to claw her way up the leaderboard.
Overnight leader Morgan Pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain.
This can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour.
However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy.
The Argentinian midfielder has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career.
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table.
Nigel Pearson's side face West Ham United on Saturday.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts.
Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form.
The last time Real beat Atletico was in the Champions League final last season.
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea.
David Beckham struck from inside the own half for Manchester United.
Xabi Alonso scored from his own-half for Liverpool in 2006.
Moritz Stoppelkamp scored from Paderborn in September 2014.
SNP stalwart, 44, wore blue and black frock for BBC contenders' debate.
It has been described as blue, grey and green.
But on Twitter, it was all about the dress.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the club.
Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
There is interest from groups from America, Australia and China.
Pulis insists he has been told by Peace any takeover will not drag on.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara.
The 27-year-old has cancelled the contract of Younis Khan.
Pujara will instead link up with the Division One champions.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer.
The 25-year-old is free to talk to foreign clubs.
Swansea have also expressed an interest in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent the last year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam.
The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
A spokeswoman for the school said parents had been satisfied by the prompt actions of the school.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency.
The male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2.
Both John and Carlos had to drop their old agencies after they were told to act straight and delete their Instagram account.
Craig Davies scored a brace as Bolton beat Cardiff 3-0.
Eidur Gudjohnsen put the Trotters in front in the 55th minute.
Craig Davies added a second in the 73rd minute to ensure all three points.
Bolton now have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand.
Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.
It currently comes in two different size ranges - small and large.
A single pair costs $30 (£20) but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $12 (£8)
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex.
He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair.
Couple agreed to stay together but he stabbed her eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife.
Brighton Magistrates' Court heard he later attacked her in the chest, torso, arms and back.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas on Thursday.
Friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound.
Police have not confirmed how he passed away but friends say he had asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students.
Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on Georgia Southern University's campus Thursday night during an emotional memorial service for five nursing students who were killed in a fiery crash.
College juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass and Catherine Pittman, 21, of Alpharetta and Caitlyn Baggett of Millen, perished early Wednesday morning on their way to school.
A tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on Interstate 16, setting off a deadly chain reaction.
Fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Logan
New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as Pelicans reached play-offs.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in 138-113 win.
Brooklyn Nets beat Orlando Magic 101-88 to secure playoff spot.
Memphis Grizzlies beat Indiana Pacers 95-83 to end Indiana's playoff hopes.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how cash boost would be paid for.
Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’
But he declined to go into further detail.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, from Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year.
But Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
Before she could tuck in, a member of the public shouted at her: 'She doesn't need a cake - look at the size of her'
Holly joined Weight Watchers in June last year and has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st
Maison Souquet is located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre.
The five-star hotel is situated in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district.
Designed by Jacques Garcia, the hotel's luxurious interiors feature plenty of plush velvet and gold-accented interiors.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found.
They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.
A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star sparked rumors about his gender identity last year after visibly altering his appearance.
Last night, he confirmed that he is reinventing himself physically in a bid to transition from male to female in the highly-anticipated, intimate sit-down.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday.
To the family's surprise the entire plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers pretend that the overhead lights were candles for Mazzy to blow out.
The crew fashioned Mazzy a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown out of pretzels.
Tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes.
Industry insiders have said the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord next season.
Kuyt signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club.
The 34-year-old said now is a good time to return to Rotterdam.
Rajpal Singh, 34, had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach.
Over a three year period, he had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries.
He also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
Doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed the hundreds of foreign objects inside Mr Singh's stomach.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop.
He wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'
But he said he had 'no idea' what the item could be.
There is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is.
Police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect.
If they aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said.
Prime Minister embarked on his first proper walkabout of the campaign today.
He was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'
Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Ed Miliband launched manifesto.
But he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign.
Charles Manuel, of Lamoni, Iowa, admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients.
The Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Manuel.
Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
Rajasthan Royals player offered money to influence a game last month.
He reported the approach to the country's board, the team said on Friday.
The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo.
The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona.
Fortune claims Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar's body language during the La Liga encounter.
University of South Florida, in a joint project with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia.
Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center.
Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
Other areas in the training center are used to teach deputies how to safely drive during chases, shoot a gun and subdue airplane hostage takers.
The 12-year-old victim was walking in a subway in Newbury, Berkshire.
Two boys approached him and sprayed him in highly flammable WD40.
They then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight.
Police are now hunting the pair following their threats.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool's fan club.
The 27-year-old made the announcement on Friday.
Ali has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer.
James Whitaker has been involved in one of the grimmest periods in English cricket.
Charles Tillman has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers.
The two-time Pro Bowler opted to link-up with Ron Rivera.
Tillman started 152 of 156 games, but finished the past two seasons on injured reserve after tearing his right triceps.
Hull travel to Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games.
Steve Bruce's side are just two points above the bottom three after wins last week for QPR and Leicester.
Bruce's biggest selection dilemma is whether to keep faith in goalkeeper Allan McGregor.
John Terry has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt.
Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season.
Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
Bulldogs chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
The facility is the first of its kind at the White House.
A spokesman said it fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer's World Cup finals.
Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form.
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances.
Duggan has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August.
It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk.
The video was taken from a patrol car dashcam in Cottonwood, Arizona.
It captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in March.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
The Gavers were part of a band called Matthew 24 Now, which sometimes played outside a grocery store in Boise, Idaho.
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
Angela* (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat and took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy.
The champion sprinter says he doesn't mind the impact of his social life, as most of his friends are athletes
Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover.
They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody.
Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman.
Linda, now 64, took to Instagram to express her support for her former husband.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
It was his 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga.
Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches against Granada.
But, compared with some, they have got off quite lightly.
We take a look at the clubs who have suffered the most at the hands of Ronaldo.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked at manifesto launch last week.
He said there was a 'half black' party spokesman featured prominently - and 'one fully black person'
Mr Farage said the premise was wrong, with the picture of the party's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
Hillary Clinton is currently 65 both in the UK and the US.
She is aiming to become the leader of the Free World just months before her 70th birthday.
If she reaches her goal and is sworn in as the 44th President of the United States in January 2017, she will be the country's first female president.
A black-and-white photograph showing Hillary as a toddler just after the end of the Second World War has been posted on her Twitter feed.
Mario Mandzukic was battered and bruised during Atletico Madrid's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid.
The Croatian is expected to be fit for the return at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
Atletico and rivals Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps.
Parking charges topped the list of fees and charges that frustrate consumers the most.
48 per cent said they should be free, while 31 per cent thought they are too high.
ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges also top the list.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, followed people aged up to 97 home from the Post Office after they had collected their pensions.
If the victim had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it, or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them.
In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local Post Office.
Most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest
The woman, 84, was helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her.
She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones.
The driver, also 84, hit three parked cars - a Lexus, a Mazda S Sport and a Vauxhall Astra.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain.
The world No 1 has won each of them after heavy downpours.
But a wet course will play into his hands this week at Augusta National.
McIlroy's biggest advantage is his huge hitting with sky-high ball flight.
Leeds beat Castleford 26-12 in the Super League on Good Friday.
Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career.
Joel Moon scored his first try of the season for the Rhinos.
Stevie Ward's converted try cancelled out Michael Shenton's effort.
Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
Under the deferred prosecution agreement, Deutsche Bank agreed to plead guilty to a US charge of wire fraud, a criminal offense, in connection with the scam.
The $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
Nicola Sturgeon has asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo.
The SNP leader has denied telling French ambassador she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10.
She has also denied suggesting that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material.
Ms Sturgeon told supporters in Glasgow that she had written to Sir Jeremy to demand an official investigation.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care.
He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.
During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Arizona Governor Doug Ducey said Castro 'lived a full life of exemplary service to Arizona and its people'
Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program.
Obama said he is convinced talks are the best way forward.
Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers.
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) reported that it found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards.
She met and married actor Sean Penn shortly after his split with Madonna.
The pair have two children, daughter Dylan, 24, and son Hopper, 21.
Robin and Sean Penn were officially divorced in 2010.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on Thursday.
He fled his home in San Bernardino County, California, on horseback after Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.
Pusok claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
He was released from jail on Sunday and has been treated for his injuries.
10 officers involved in the incident have been placed on paid
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Mauricio Pochettino says Kane deserves to win the award.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court.
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage the draw.
Eddie Howe said he felt 'heartbroken' by the result.
The idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Ms Sturgeon has also vehemently criticised David Cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe.
Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the United States.
The 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
Portland Timbers beat Dallas 3-1 for their first victory of the season.
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
Officers were out in force, pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured area.
They were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans.
Among them was self-confessed royal'superfan' John Loughery, 60.
He camped out overnight ahead of 2011 Royal Wedding and was only member of public to attend every day of inquest into death of Princess Diana in 2008.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday.
She recommended the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation.
On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest.
This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation, according to a new study.
Hydrogen sulphide is a by-product of micro-organisms that live without oxygen and is extremely toxic to most other lifeforms.
The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba, Melbourne.
They are all wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins.
The men are also wanted for a burglary at a shopping centre on Mt Dandenong Road, Kilsyth on March 18.
Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had secretly videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams.
Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home.
The settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the U.S. involving sexual misconduct by a physician.
Ed Miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride.
It centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians.
The evil dictator who they’re fighting is Margaret Thatcher.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.
The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
One cab driver said people should always think about how they can make their partners happy.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle.
She had gone to wash her clothes in the Vishwamitri River, west India.
But a mugger crocodile grabbed her daughter's leg and dragged her into the river.
Vankar tried to pull her free but the crocodile clasped its teeth on her.
It took her 10 minutes to free her from its jaws and she was treated for a leg injury.
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea after being ruled out for the season.
The winger has been on loan at Stoke but damaged his hamstring.
Stoke are still keen to strike a permanent deal for Moses in the summer.
Paul Simon topped the UK albums chart for the first time in 25 years.
The 73-year-old rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel.
His latest release, The Ultimate Collection, beat albums from Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure.
The 59-year-old farmer put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'
He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
Mr Cook says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood.
The city of St. Louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make sure the NGA does not leave the city, and take the 3,000 jobs it provides.
If residents are not willing to move, the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes.
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis.
Nurses and her friends brought the Great Gatsby-themed dance to her bed instead.
The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown.
Her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad this summer.
Darren Gough believes Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call.
Gough is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Director of television wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie.
But creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop.
Leaked emails reveal pressure from Sony and BBC WorldWide.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag.
A cut so small it was hardly visible became infected, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug.
Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg when they noticed antibiotics given to the father-of-two had begun to work.
As a result his leg was saved.
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition.
He makes a joking reference to Jenner's transition while speaking with Amy Pascal.
This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha.
Salford secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield.
Josh Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half.
Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix 11 days ago.
The four-time world champion returned to the team's factory at Maranello.
Vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at Ferrari is not a one-off this season.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor.
Swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and workouts.
She has now joined the ranks of professional fitness models.
Slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb and reduced body fat percentage from 38% to 15%.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of Sydney's Opera House has gone viral for the second time.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa.
It was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources.
Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon.
Spotify has analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists.
The 24-year-old singer-songwriter's Thinking Out Loud is the top song.
Sam Smith, 22, features four times on the list, including Stay With Me.
Ellie Goulding's Love Me Like You Do is the third favourite song to drop off to.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
The Daily Share found that the differences between these razors of the same brand differed by more than a dollar between the men's and women's versions.
This practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.
The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene.
He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.
Ms Lee's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G.
But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
At the same time, the evidence suggests that 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
The two chimpanzees are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University.
They are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus.
A representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition that chimps Hercules and Leo are 'unlawfully detained'
The decision by New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans.
Julian Speroni will be at Crystal Palace for another year at least.
The goalkeeper has triggered a 12-month extension that will expire at the end of next season.
Speroni has played a lead role for Palace this season.
Vince Cable wants to spend another five years helping the Tories run Britain.
He wants to replace George Osborne as Chancellor.
Cable says he would stop 'the nasty tail of Right-wing MPs wagging the Tory dog'
But with Cable, the difference is strictly political, not personal.
Cody Neatis, eight, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection.
He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
But he has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.
His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week.
She fears her son will injure himself or pull out his oxygen.
Hospital trust insists it has ordered a suitable bed from America.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters.
Casey finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004.
The 37-year-old actually led in 2007 after five holes of the final round.
Liverpool face Manchester City at Anfield on Monday night.
Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.
The Reds have a game in hand on their rivals.
Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways.
The 32-year-old Cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor.
He has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug as her health continues to decline.
The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
She was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before Christmas.
Her mother is at odds with the father over his treatment options for their daughter.
Three men accused of being Assad agents have been executed, say ISIS.
Video shows them kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor.
It comes just one day after the extremist group shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920.
Fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation.
Iceland's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen.
But there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault.
A 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man.
Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago.
The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him.
Taylor's injury record has severely limited his first-team appearances.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight'
It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One.
Steve Cotteril's side drew 1-1 at second-placed Preston on Tuesday.
City have already won silverware this season.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.
Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.
Some primitive African societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal’s litter.
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000.
Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.
After the verdict was, read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning.
In 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer Bush was taken from her family after her mother Kathy was accused of making her ill on purpose.
In the first years of her life, Jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness.
A health care worker reported Kathy to authorities, suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine.
Kathy's lawyer blames the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of her client's arrest.
After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway.
The former first lady, senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event.
But her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion.
Clinton's team took flak last week in Iowa after a Democratic Party operative conceded that Clinton's state political director Troy Price pre-vetted and drove a trio of activists to a coffee shop.
In LeClaire, Iowa six days ago, Clinton's
Passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync.
As the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway, this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings.
The planes, one an American Airlines, landed at the same time on adjacent runways.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military.
Almost all regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists.
They played prominent roles in Baathist army before 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Many of these highly-trained commanders joined insurgency in mid-2000s.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan finishes at Southampton.
The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast.
Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child.
The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes.
Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up.
Alice is the current front runner for a princess, followed by Victoria.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
44% of respondents had vacancies in English, 52% in maths and 50% in science.
Overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn appear in Rome for Zoolander 2.
The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the shoot.
It looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show.
Owen Wilson's Hansel is also set to appear in the comedy sequel.
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter.
But he is now offering to post tweets for $20 for anyone who pays him $20.
The 46-year-old recently offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him.
His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s.
He was the only man who could beat Evander Holyfield in 1992.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas.
The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant.
But he was told he was too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live.
Couple are now set to become the first to marry in a ceremony at Torbay Hospital.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London.
She said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were'sticking their noses up'
Ms Huq accused MailOnline of 'picking on her' when quizzed about donation.
Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in March.
But some Labour candidates refused the money, with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the Iraq War.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle.
Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday.
But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
The accountant, from Shropshire, suffers from rare condition pemphigus.
A 66-year-old man has been charged with a 'breach of the peace'
The man allegedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shine of Remembrance in Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon.
The incident comes just weeks after veterans condemned protesters who were seen burning the Australian flag at anti-Islamic and anti-racism protests in Melbourne.
In January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate'
But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement'
Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
The new version of the report rates the hospital as 'good' in 18 out of 33 criteria.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse.
The clip shows glamorous pop star, one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.
Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014.
Britain's failure to follow suit means that its overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations.
Out of every £100 spent by these Western nations on overseas aid, no less than £14 now comes from the UK.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade.
They claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures.
After sending one, they were blackmailed into sending more.
Principal and police chief said they would be charged for distributing child pornography.
On Thursday, Clatskanie School District was ordered to pay $225,000.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salaryman.
Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch on Thursday.
The 26-year-old compared his watch to TV character Michael Knight in Knight Rider.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Ray Parlour believes Jack Wilshere is the future of the club.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is.
The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016.
That day, Google Politics tweeted what it said were 'Related questions to Rand Paul in the last 24 hours'
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him.
A dentist had testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.
The girl had been scheduled to have surgery on her teeth in March but did not end up having an procedure because her parents never scheduled a pre-operation examination.
Wanamaker also pleaded guilty to false swearing and is eligible for parole.
Kim Sears was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday.
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a straw hat.
She wore the dress to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding.
Andy and Kim will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes.
Cause of Causes is owned by his boss JP McManus.
McCoy has ridden Shutthefrontdoor three times before.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website.
He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last'
Mr Symonds decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday.
Mr Shapps angrily denied the claims, insisting the story was 'untrue from start to finish'
Davy McGregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for Heriot's Racing Club.
The hooker's ear was left hanging off after playing against the Barbarians.
Heriot's won the clash 97-31 to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed.
Sir Nick Faldo gave Rory McIlroy a squeeze during Monday's practice round.
McIlroy was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym'
Faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam being chosen for the name of the second royal baby.
It follows the success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree this weekend.
The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker'
Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this month, with a rumoured due date of April 25.
James McArthur joined Crystal Palace from Wigan Athletic last summer.
The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances.
West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances.
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manuel Pellegrini.
Manchester City boss has been treated like a 'criminal' after losing six of eight games.
Mourinho said Man City 'looks like they're criminals'
Chelsea travel to Manchester United on Saturday.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight.
The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet.
Bournemouth's promotion means Arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years.
Blackpool's relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday.
Blackpool supporters pelted the directors' box and main reception area at Bloomfield Road with a flare, a smoke bomb, fireworks and eggs.
Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner.
Rev Richard Coles sits on board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association.
Known to many for presenting Radio 4's gentle human interest show Saturday Live.
He is supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev.
Andre Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods.
He was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court.
Blackman has been told he is'surplus to requirements' by Blackpool boss Lee Clark.
The 34-year-old mom, who married rapper Kanye West in May last year, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences.
Kim said that North 'gravitates towards really simple things' when it comes to clothing.
The toddler always requests a pair of shoes to wear first thing in the morning.
Tong Shao, 20, was found dead in her Toyota Camry on September 26.
Her body was wrapped in a towel, and next to it was a 15-pound barbell.
Tong's boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case.
He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing.
Li is wanted for the first-degree murder of Tong Shao.
State-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year.
It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided.
The loss is a blow to taxpayers, who own 80 per cent of the bank.
The two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted.
Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.
Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died.
Italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive.
Home Secretary Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category.
The move has been hailed by Islamic groups.
Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
But after incidents such as the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby, there are spikes in incidents in the UK, say experts.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the fight have yet to go on public sale.
The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments.
Only a few dozen tickets have been sold through the website.
Mayweather's promoter, Leonard Ellerbe, said Tuesday that tickets would go on sale this week for the May 2 fight.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage.
The state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn almond market.
Residents have attacked the bottled water industry and almond growers.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The talkSPORT lead football pundit called Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat'
Jason Gillespie is preparing for new season by becoming a vegan.
Lancashire's supporters' action group are questioning the value of having Sky Sports commentator Paul Allott on the club board.
FA chairman Greg Dyke still faces a challenge to convince everyone over plans to change homegrown quota.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic feature in this year's team.
Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea's push for their first Premier League title since 2010.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year's best XI when the club fell just two points short of the title behind Manchester City.
City have had just 11 players named since 1992 – the same as Leeds United – with only Shaun Wright-Phillips coming before
Lord Prescott said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to ministers.
He insisted he had 'a lot to offer this country'
The letters were penned between September 2004 and March 2005.
Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince.
David Beckham voted number one choice for Dad.
Holly Willoughby voted the person we would most like to have as our mother.
Katie Hopkins came bottom of the list for celebrity mother.
David Villa posted a snap of his family enjoying the Empire State Building.
The New York City captain is currently in the MLS.
Villa has scored once and helped his side to third place in the Eastern conference.
Dave Roberts, 50, is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough.
He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps by leaping off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees.
But instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago - Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Alison Saunders's position as head of CPS looked bleak as she faced unprecedented criticism from the Home Secretary, police chiefs, crime tsars, prominent MPs – and even one of her predecessors.
She was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding that Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged.
Evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s.
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes after he was found with homemade alcohol in Saudi Arabia.
The 57-year-old was ordered to serve jail time according to the Islamic calendar and received 28 of the 75 lashes.
He has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation as to why this is happening.
Mutty does not deny he committed the crime, but he has grown increasingly frustrated with the Australian embassy who he claims have not been taking his case seriously.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute.
Andrew Surman's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici's far post.
Artur Boruc saved Jamie Mackie's close range effort from Jordan Obita's cross.
Nathaniel Chalobah, Hal Robson-Kanu and Obita all wasted good opportunities to level for the Royals.
French officials say UK is responsible for sharp rise in youngsters who binge-drink.
Health minister Marisol Touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking.
HSBC was ordered to pay couple compensation after banking watchdog found it'relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age'
The banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished.
In the first case of its kind, the Financial Ombudsman Service found the lender guilty of being 'unfair'
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Pedro admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club.
The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show.
She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments'really difficult'
Harry Kane was captain for Tottenham Hotspur against Burnley.
Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss.
Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg to win the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate after claiming he had scuppered his race.
The German driver denied he had done anything wrong.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at Scott Bain.
The Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee.
Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan scored for Dundee United.
Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has reported that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags, so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
The model rights activist says the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations, explaining that thin models are now resorting to wearing weighted Spanx.
Lawmakers in France can face fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh, loves to party and stay out dancing on tables.
She lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer.
Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left.
Patrick Kramer, 33, from Springville, Utah, specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings.
His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
The paintings, including this of a sleeping young girl called Anna, take the artist up to 50 to 300 hours to complete.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby.
Alan Stubbs's side are second in the Championship.
Stubbs praised his players for their bravery.
Lionel Messi and Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after half-an-hour.
Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench.
Neymar hit a beautifully struck free-kick from the left to double Barcelona’s lead.
The Argentine forward took his season's tally to 34 goals in La Liga.
Josh Meekings will learn on Thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer Tony McGlennan.
Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard.
While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door and struck Carol Johnson in the back.
McElroy's mother-in-law, Carol Johnson suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital.
Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave.
Their work has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never, ever tap your razor on the sink.
They found that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
The researchers also hope their findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used in aircraft.
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss.
Research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements.
Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London.
Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.
She said: 'I'm still the same person I was before, I'm just in the right body now'
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode.
Contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer.
Host Nick Hewer failed to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection'
It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up.
Only 25 per cent of people think he wants to win most, compared to 43 per cent who believe Ed Miliband is most up for the fight.
David Cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a'sleeves rolled up' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a Tory victory.
Manchester United watched Felipe Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain.
Anderson set up Lazio's winner for Senad Lulic in the Coppa Italia semi-final.
The 21-year-old Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool.
Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa Benitez poised to leave the club in the summer.
Kim Jong-Un was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang.
Footage shows him waving and smiling, with his right wrist in bandages.
It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the 32-year-old.
Doctors say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist, and judged it to be a minor injury.
IMF predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016.
Comes as Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero%.
Inflation remained at a record low of zero% for the second consecutive month.
England face West Indies in the second Test on Tuesday.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday.
Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test in Antigua through injury.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old.
She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years.
The pair were reunited in the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary in the north of the country.
It is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds.
Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C.
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
Baldwin is posted to the Foreign Missions Branch, which is attached to the State Department and deals with the United States' diplomatic activities.
Alex Hales completed a double century against Yorkshire on Sunday.
The England international was unbeaten on 222 not out.
Hales passed three figures for the 10th time in his career.
Yorkshire captain Andrew Gale was back skippering Yorkshire again.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons.
She claims'sometimes when I get home and I'm not feeling so great, I make myself go to the gym'
Stoke City have been singing Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s.
Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the song.
Stoke are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table.
They are set to miss out on European football next year.
The images were created by concept artist Alex Brady, 32, from Cambridge in the UK.
He normally works on video games and movies, but for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel might look like.
A space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built in Earth orbit.
It would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on Earth, and would enable people to live in space.
The station is located in orbit around Earth, allowing planes to seemingly take off from Earth and then return to the planet with relative
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace.
Pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
The 42-year-old had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland.
He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and depression.
Coroner records misadventure as a verdict at Bolton Coroners Court.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City.
The 24-year-old is fundamental to Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players, but Rose is not one of them.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects.
But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
Criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught.
In the 1986 robbery, the gang tunneled into a bank vault over a long weekend, triggering alarms on the Friday that were
SNP leader says she understands concerns of English voters about coalition.
She also suggests David Cameron has been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP.
Miss Sturgeon insisted she would put Ed Miliband into Downing Street.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free.
It was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin, before being ‘scratched’ by a key.
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk.
Two out of the three models of Apple Watches are available to pre-order from today.
If the price of manufacturing the glass drops, it could potentially replace Gorilla Glass currently used in most high-end smartphones.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage of its recent defeats.
The image of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after Islamic State was forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday.
The espresso maker is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy.
It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee.
But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on a hired sailboat with a captain when they were attacked.
Four men with guns and knives boarded the boat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas.
They also took gasoline, the radio and drinking water from the boat.
The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail, which was discovered by hikers four days later.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth.
She also poured water over the dementia patient, telling other staff.
Roberts was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity.
But she avoided a prison sentence at Canterbury Magistrates' Court.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.
Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web.
Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury to help Aston Villa battle relegation.
Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the semi finals in Brazil last year.
The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer.
Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth.
Scientists took CT scans of teeth found at two sites in northern Italy.
They found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture.
This culture produced the world’s earliest known musical instruments and the oldest wall art.
It also produced advanced bone and antler based weapons, and are thought to have been behind a 40,000-year-old sculpture known as Lion Man.
Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis, researchers have proved the teeth belonged to this culture and are the oldest modern human remains in Europe.
Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed lifestyle.
The 45-year-old has already launched a new career as a documentary maker.
His Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson's sacking.
It comes after James May released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life.
One included a cookery demonstration on how to make a shepherd's pie.
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport.
They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
Group is understood to include his aunt, two of his male cousins.
Four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back.
Scotland international centre Matt Scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season.
The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year.
Scott hasn’t played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing in a music video.
The Filipino boxer has tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career in boxing.
Pacquiao will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
The two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years.
Obama and Castro have separate agendas for most of the day, and the White House had said a private meeting was not on the books.
But they were both scheduled to attend the start of the summit along with other regional leaders on Friday evening.
Rebecca Adlington and husband Harry settle in at Anantara the Palm Jumeirah.
Their baby girl is due on June 4 and she was 28 weeks pregnant.
The resort offers over-the-water villas which provide the perfect sea view.
Rebecca has started Becky Adlington Swim Stars for three to 11-year-olds.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games during 2015.
Barcelona manager Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play.
Xavi assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo on Sunday.
Mohammad Liaqat stormed into Mount Carmel High School in Accrington.
He hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents.
The 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at the school.
Headteacher Xavier Bowers banned Muslim pupils from growing beards.
Liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league's disciplinary commission.
The Swede lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side.
Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals for PSG since joining in 2012.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his race by slowing down.
Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself.
Hamilton has out-qualified and out-raced Rosberg in all three grand prix.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners.
Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani.
The tradition dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots.
Despite official disapproval from Church officials, Vrontados is in a league of its own, drawing spectators from all over Greece and abroad.
The former New England Patriots football player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013.
They drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house in North Attleboro, Massachusetts, where they shot him to death.
Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr meets Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp.
His sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview.
Nichols makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax.
The annual levy will hit his own home in north London.
Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax'
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi.
The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk.
She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, said: 'I can't even touch bananas unless they're wrapped in cellophane - and I only ever buy green ones'
Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley are set to reunite for a film.
The cast will begin filming in the autumn.
Saunders, 56, said she had been 'nervous' about writing the film script.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer.
Newcastle failed to show at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Carver admits he was 'embarrassed' by the performance.
Amazing image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
It is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
Four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man.
Campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana in Hyde Park this afternoon.
The '420' event is a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws.
Of the 53 arrested in London, 16 were taken into custody, while 21 were released on street bail.
The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures.
Premier League sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in September, October and November 2014.
Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break.
Six Premier League clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season.
Sportsmail examines this through a modified Premier League table that takes in only results immediately after international resumptions.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours.
It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.
The platform works real time, and the company have a 24/7 Customer Service.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11.
Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.
He decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
The artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers.
Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012.
Duffy's co-accused Rachel Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial.
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
The club's hierarchy have decided that Johnson should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Aaron Cresswell has impressed for West Ham this season.
Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for the left-back.
Cresswell is on a five-year deal at Upton Park.
Chelsea are also interested in the 25-year-old.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round.
Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011.
The fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round.
Christian Benteke scored the winning goal for Aston Villa against Tottenham.
The Belgian striker is back to form under manager Tim Sherwood.
Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th place.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes.
Hernandez now has six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has impressed in the absence of regular striker Karim Benzema.
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a Champions Cup disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
The 58-year-old actress, who is married to actor Tom Hanks, revealed on Tuesday she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.
She underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery last week.
'I am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending,' she said.
Wilson, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14.
They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
Researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in formative years.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets.
The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season.
Ridley played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win the Super Bowl.
Mark Hughes wants Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at Stoke.
The Stoke manager has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket.
Hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed, having missed out on £10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Madrid in the 88th minute.
Raphael Varane captured the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu.
Fans banged on the windows to encourage their team against Atletico.
Mathew Sitko, 23, of Lewiston, Idaho, is recovering in hospital from minor injuries following the crash.
Police are looking for a passer-by who pulled Sitko from his car that was dangling over a cliff on Wednesday.
Sitko crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
Emily Reay, 17, has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter.
She is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria.
But on her return to lessons following the Easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down.
Now, during her last year of A-levels, Emily has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor played in the 1985 World Snooker final.
Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green.
Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight.
The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record.
Former Playboy model Annette Edwards holds her world record Continental Giant rabbit Darius aloft.
Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st — the king of the Continental Giant breed.
Darius seems nonchalant about his world record — and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son, Jeff.
Annette, a former Playboy model, is a genius at giant rabbit-breeding.
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach.
Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was ideal training ground.
Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft.
The D-Day landings on June 6, 1944, contributed to an Allied victory in the war.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago.
Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, worked to pull him out alive.
Their incredible story was shared by KTLA after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita, California on Sunday.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke at Upton Park in the Premier League.
Marko Arnautovic and Mame Diouf scored for the Irons.
Sam Allardyce was left disappointed after seeing his side concede late on.
The Hammers remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five Villa games.
The Belgian striker is set to attract interest from Wolfsburg.
Benteke's contract is worth £50,000 per week and he has ambitions to play European football.
The University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College.
The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Palermo's Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Spain.
The Serie A club value the forward at £29m.
Dybala has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season.
Juventus, Roma, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain are all in the race.
Glenn Ford, 65, was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release from prison last year.
Marty Stroud, 63, visited Ford at his home to apologize for putting him behind bars for a murder he didn't commit.
Stroud, who wished Ford the best before leaving the home, had asked to meet the man after apologizing to him in a powerful letter published in The Shreveport Times last month.
Ford was accused of shooting Isadore Rozeman in 1983 and was convicted the following year.
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona right-back Martin Montoya pull off the trick shot.
The nine-year-old moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal.
After a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
His mother Lucy said: 'He loves football and after he saw the Barcelona player do the show he said ‘I’ll be able to do that’
Roland Giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank.
The fish begins relaxing in the man's hand and stays very still.
Later in the video the fish interacts further with the man by swimming up his arm.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, have appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America this week.
Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody,' and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' have now garnered 260 million views across several social media platforms.
Shackleford revealed that 'Be on Ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things I want to do before I die' in 2011.
The trio were interviewed by Ellen De Generes on Tuesday, and revealed that the moment fulfilled a lifelong dream.
April Jones was abducted from outside her home in Powys in October 2012.
Mark Bridger, 49, was jailed for life in 2013 for her murder.
Coral Jones, 43, has been sent hate mail blaming her for April's death.
She said: 'I blame myself every day for it but unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me I am a bad mother'
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'
The typed letter, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers.
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
After a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother.
The 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.
He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston.
Skivington also damaged a TV and iPad worth £740 during the attack.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia.
All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: Dunning in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year.
Severance's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words: 'The last scream of a victim echoes to eternity... Murder on my mind, and my mind on murder'
The prosecution alleged that Severance's plan to kill was outlined in a bizarre piece called 'Parable of the Knocker' based
Leicester City beat West Ham 3-2 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for the club in the 86th minute.
Nigel Pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask' despite win.
The US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US.
One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
She and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s Porgera gold mine.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps.
Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
The rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital.
But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase.
Porters are carrying passengers' luggage up and down the stairs every day.
The construction project didn't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal.
Airmail in the US began as early as 1911, with the first official flight departing Petaluma, California, and arriving in Santa Rosa, California.
The arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail.
Many of these were lost as the metal was used in the war effort during the Second World War.
Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith have found 102 arrows so far and have set up their website Arrows Across America.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday.
He was asked about the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction.
The legendary physicist was speaking as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK.
Professor Hawking joked that in another different universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction'
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season.
Newcastle would have been bottom of the Premier League without it.
Pardew was sacked by Crystal Palace at the end of December.
The 53-year-old picked up the players for the winning run.
John Carver is proving he's not cut out for top-level management.
Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages.
Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones.
Hundreds of visitors filmed the celebrations on their smart phones, as a colourful inflatable dragon dances in the sky.
The Eiffel Tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures.
The nationwide strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday.
Now workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts.
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death.
The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen.
It has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
The 24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
He was jailed for nine and a half years yesterday at Minsull Street Crown Court.
Jailed after admitting to a string of offences at the time of his sentencing.
England left for the Caribbean on Thursday knowing they must beat the West Indies on their return to Test cricket to salvage the futures of key personnel.
Kevin Pietersen was the name on everyone’s lips at Gatwick Airport as beleaguered coach Peter Moores and returning captain Alastair Cook put on a united front.
The stakes are high for England after a disastrous World Cup and the introduction of a new ECB chairman in Colin Graves.
Hamza Parvez, 22, still hasn't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters.
He travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent that he was going to Germany.
Belgian fighter Abu Mariya al-Belgiki recently bought himself a pet, possibly to help him with his loneliness.
Hamza is frequently mocked for his love of junk food, possibly a major turn off for many potential brides.
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil.
The former Liverpool forward made the claim before Arsenal lost 4-1.
Ozil scored his side's second goal in the game at the Emirates on Saturday.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism.
Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother.
Qantas said it had not in any way discriminated against Ms Laurente and her son.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6.
He had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'
An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
The fifth-grader had previously told his chess opponent on four separate occasions that he would jump out the window, but the classmate told police he thought the boy was just messing around.
Bill Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987.
The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
Spedding has denied any involvement in the disappearance of William, who was three years old when he vanished from his grandmother's Kendall home in September.
His lawyer said the accused is adamant he is innocent and has done nothing wrong.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships.
Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia.
The 21-year-old made his first start for England against Italy.
Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling will both be excused from the tournament.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace.
The 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back this season.
Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign.
He cites the influence of manager Alan Pardew in his decision to sign a new deal.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the derby at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and created two more.
The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling.
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning.
Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Esteban Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Dynamos for India's I-League.
The 34-year-old midfielder signed a one-year deal with Leicester last summer.
Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League.
Jordan Spieth holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage at Augusta.
He will be joined in Saturday's final pairing by Charley Hoffman.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 7:45pm UK time.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day.
Paul Shorter, 31, had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl.
He was giving one-to-one tuition in a'serious' breach of trust.
The Maths teacher kissed the teenager after class at Rydens School.
Shorter was jailed in May last year after being convicted of indecent assaults.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on This Morning.
She said she was handcuffed in front of her daughter Aimee, now 19, in 2008.
The council worker was interviewed by Ruth Langsford on the show.
Valerie said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her confidence as a mother was called into question.
Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer was accused of 'freestyle lying' in his version of events.
Aimee was forced to watch the incident, all the while screaming: 'I want my mummy'
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week.
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales.
It voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe, and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor.
Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills.
Jose Mourinho started his side with Thibaut Courtois in goal.
Mario Balotelli's first start in a Premier League game since November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before.
Tottenham drew 2-2 with Southampton in EA Sports Performance figures.
Robert Huth has played a major role in Leicester's recent run of positive results.
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002.
His daughters Stella and Mary were said to have been less than overjoyed.
The pair went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
Photos and other memorabilia are being sold at Omega Auctions.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when distracted.
Researchers observed parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York.
They measured factors such as the adult’s level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed.
Electronic devices such as mobile phones were responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
The advert features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot Friday morning.
Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading.
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer.
The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.
John Carver hardly helped in sparing Jack Colback the gauntlet of hate from the home fans.
The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010.
At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.
Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now.
But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
Liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Shannen Hussein, 21, asks Liz: 'Are you hungry?'
The reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head.
Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills.
It was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network in Britain.
Engineers are due to visit the tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter.
Sales of iPhones in China were also revealed to have outstripped those in the US.
Apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year, making it the world's most valuable company.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes.
Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive'
Experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5% in first three months of 2015.
This is down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014.
Tories warn Britain is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations.
Latest growth figures will be released tomorrow morning, just nine days before voters go to the polls.
Thomas Brock, 30, died when he was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena.
Police say he was involved in an argument with another motorist.
Brothers Steven Rodriguez and Jacob Rodriguez have been charged with capital murder.
Mr Brock's widow Julie said she and her husband had no idea who the men were.
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat.
They are now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
Findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide.
Stoke City have opened talks with Evian over a summer move for Daniel Wass.
The 25-year-old Denmark international is available for around £3.5million.
Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
He says Labour wants to hit small- and medium-sized businesses with more corporation tax and higher national insurance.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too lax.
Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even.
Some 5,000 tickets are issued in Powys, bringing in £1.2million a year.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out.
The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games.
Burberry ponchos have boosted sales by 10 per cent over the winter.
The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne.
They were a huge success among celebrities before Christmas.
Firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror throughout the Middle-East'
He insisted that he and his Cabinet were united in'strongly opposing' an agreement.
President Barack Obama hailed the agreement as a 'historic understanding'
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer.
She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’
And the party’s policy of leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ‘many decades into the future’
Phil Jones hopes Manchester United 'turn up and play their football' against Manchester City on Sunday.
United sit third in the Premier League table with seven games remaining.
Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins.
Jones started for United in their 3-1 win at home to Aston Villa on Saturday.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven.
The experts say it works because: 'The water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust'
Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says that the water trick does actually work, but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day.
Eden Hazard is among the front runners to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea winger will have to beat off competition from David de Gea and Harry Kane.
Jamie Carragher says John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea to give Hazard a better chance of winning the award.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid.
The Belgian defender has been in superb form this season.
Ronald Koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent.
Fast car sequel Furious 7 won the box office crown for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $29.1 million.
This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Furious 7 is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks.
Thief posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church.
He tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags before fleeing.
Police have released an e-fit and CCTV footage of the thief.
They are appealing to anyone who recognises him to come forward.
Bill Dudley celebrates his 90th birthday at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire.
He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house.
Wife Margaret, 71, has nicknamed her hubby Old McDonald.
McDonalds hailed the great-grandfather as 'a real asset' to the team.
Gary Dahl's rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
They came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding'
Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
In later years, given his success with the Pet Rock, he authored the self help book Advertising for Dummies.
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean.
The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.
Experts say the procedure should only be carried out when'medically necessary'
They say it can lead to infections and even death.
Mike Brown pulled out of Harlequins' clash with Saracens last weekend.
Northampton wing George North has been advised not to play again.
Brown says he suffered a headache after playing in England's clash against France last month.
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title on Sunday.
The 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson.
Spieth became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Rory McIlroy finished fourth after a closing 66.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution.
He resigned on Saturday, according to Ayotte's office.
Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff.
Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes on Saturday.
The Welsh forward faces a race to be fit for Real's Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.
Two armed robbers tried to break into a jewellery shop in Wigan, Greater Manchester.
They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises.
A passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals on camera.
Police are now appealing for the public to help identify the offenders.
The codpieces used in Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert.
This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books.
Historian Lucy Worsley has said that Kate Phillips, who plays Henry VIII's wife Jane Seymour, is too pretty.
Mercedes were beaten into second and third in Malaysia by Ferrari.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were both on the podium.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff claims the team will just keep calm.
Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix last year.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take.
The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row.
Laura Wells lived with'skinnier' models in New York ahead of Fashion Week.
She says their agents told her to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'
The model also revealed she wanted to 'punch' a model scout.
Wells' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk.
Michel Vorm is set to deputise for Hugo Lloris when Tottenham play Burnley.
Lloris is currently sidelined with a knee injury.
Vorm played in all of the Capital One Cup games for Tottenham.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm's attitude.
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999.
He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination.
Diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen.
His mother died aged 67 of a heart attack brought on by 30 years of type 1 diabetes.
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory.
Law student answered 10 starter questions in last round of BBC quiz show.
He has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for the good job that they did.
He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution.
This comes after Australian PM Tony Abbott slammed the executions as 'cruel and unnecessary'
Woman forced elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand.
The shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on Chinese social media.
Despite the man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses.
Scott Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion.
Carl Frampton has been offered a huge £1.5m payday to fight Quigg.
Quigg's promoter Eddie Hearn has offered the biggest cheque of his career to date.
The proposal was made live on television, with Frampton’s team given until the end of the week to accept the terms.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years.
He said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses.
The 49-year-old said some workers would stay and watch the battle unfold.
But others 'turned a blind eye to it', he said, adding gangs controlled wings.
Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home.
Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK.
Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in Britain.
Saffat died of meningitis last month after a long battle with cancer.
Gareth Silk and his friends from Cwmbran, south Wales, were inspired by the Money Supermarket advert.
The group of six descended on the promenade of Benidorm, Spain.
They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts.
Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds.
Manuel Pellegrini doesn't believe his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co.
Liverpool star Raheem Sterling has already had his name linked with the defending Premier League champions.
The Blues have failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother.
Emily-Jane Clark, who runs How To Survive A Sleep Thief, has compiled a list of the ways that a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia aged 13.
She would hide food down the side of her bed and eat 100 calories a day.
Her body started to shut down and she was left on a heart machine.
Now she has spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
L'Ardéchoise site in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France is a five-star park.
With four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for little ones, it didn't disappoint.
The big hit for our boys was the pool complex - it included a waterfall and 'rapids' section that kept them amused for hours.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world.
The 39-year-old arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game.
Woods has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech.
He warned that if women did not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Homosexual acts are punishable by death in Iran.
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
Oscar put the Blues ahead in the first half.
David Ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty.
Hector Bellerin was preferred to fit again Mathieu Debuchy.
Ellen Gallant was on Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck.
She was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain when the avalanche hit.
Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died.
There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster.
Suicide bomber first attacked convoy before militants opened fire.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, commander of Iraqi first division.
Colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in Anbar province.
Fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of Ramadi.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury.
The wicketkeeper lost his England place to Jos Buttler.
Head coach Mark Robinson has warned Prior is out 'indefinitely'
Family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off.
The family consisted of a black mother and a white father.
Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward.
Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'
The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the state.
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual Women of the 21st Century Awards luncheon.
Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
Her salty husband and fellow judge Jerry chimed in to dispute her claim.
Drew Miller was left with a scar across his eye, but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight.
The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor.
Miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up, though the team said he will likely return Thursday against Boston.
Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them.
It came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1C at St James's Park in London and at Frittenden in Kent.
Temperatures will fall from the mid-20s yesterday to 12C today.
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis.
It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving.
Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar.
The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week.
Donations between 2001 and 2015 showed governments and agencies from 16 nations previously gave direct grants of between $55 million and $130 million.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?'
Many people threw strange sideways glances at the man, trying to understand what he was saying.
One man in Austin, Texas was insistent upon telling his story about Britney Spears.
Mamadou Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday.
The centre back was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Sakho will miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa on April 19.
Spain lost 5-1 to Holland in a friendly at Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday.
Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored for Guus Hiddink's side.
Vicente del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.
The 28-year-old has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Naismith is the latest recipient of the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community.
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy, Pennsylvania.
He was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in Orange, New Jersey, and another from high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union.
The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared.
West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough.
Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings.
Only 10 per cent of them guessed right, making the difference more obvious.
The original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program.
Fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away.
Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream for the two to share.
Christie has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 on Thursday.
Isner is the first American to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000.
The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half to help Crystal Palace to victory.
Sunderland have now lost the four matches immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories.
Alan Pardew's side are only looking up after four straight wins.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game at the Aviva Stadium.
The England No 10's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half.
Leinster winger Fergus McFadden was taken off the field with a concussion in a tackle from Kyle Eastmond.
Olivier Rousteing chose Kim and Kanye for Balmain campaign.
The 29-year-old creative director says they'represent a family for the new world'
Kim and Kanye have a 22-month-old daughter North.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
The two-time world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne.
A leading group has condemned the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society.
The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us.
The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious.
They also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature.
Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.
Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.
The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action.
Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by Deegan on Irvine.
PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed, telling them so.
Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights today.
A drone was reported buzzing around the area, causing disruption.
Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports.
Manchester Airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights.
Frances, 53, spent the Easter weekend with friends and family in Barbados.
She has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
The pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
Bentley Motors' top designer criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on Facebook and called it a 'copy'
Luc Donckerwolke thought the Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand's image in the United States and China.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest.
The 75-year-old was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw.
Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss condition.
She suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip.
Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark.
Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in kindly, saying: 'It's a good one to have'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance.
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School.
The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
'All of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience told RTV.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11.
The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago.
Friends, family, and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair's dream wedding.
Laura wore a floor length white wedding dress that was fitted by her mother.
Ian Merrett, 28, was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling Poppy Smart, 23.
The marketing co-ordinator said he whistled at her every day for a month.
But he has said she should take it as a compliment and should never have gone to police.
Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for unprovoked attack on train.
He said: 'It's not worth getting into trouble over some silly little girl'
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year.
But Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent.
Apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones.
The Queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe (VE) Day.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving.
A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10.
Khloe, 30, has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique.
She recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime.
The reality star showcased her pert posterior while weight lifting close to 100 pounds in a snap she captioned: 'Squat! Squat!! Squat!!!'
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.
The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
It’s previously only been possible to convert between 30 and 60 per cent of plant sugar into hydrogen, by using industrial catalysts or fermenting techniques.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Dark chocolate is particularly toxic, causing canine kidneys to fail.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a letter complaining about her noisy neighbours.
She dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to them.
The letter asks the seven or eight men not to throw a hand grenade over her fence.
After a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page.
'I'm impressed by the lengths you went to creatively to get your point across and even more by the audience it reached,' he said.
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer.
The Dutchman has been revelation in his first season in English football.
Southampton only need a point to break their record Premier League points tally set last season.
Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien, stayed at the family-run hotel.
They thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights.
But it didn’t live up to its billing and it didn't match the photos they saw online.
The pair were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever.
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image.
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.
In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills.
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week.
He is being sued by the Oyston family, who run the Fylde coast club.
Blackpool became the first Football League side to be relegated.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
Liverpool and Manchester City are keen on the England winger.
Walcott is scheduled to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight.
The 26-year-old has struggled for playing time so far this season.
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The appointment will be welcomed by both camps.
Bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family.
Their son Floyd-Henry has Achondroplasia, which means he will be 'a shorty- a little man, a little legend'
The Morleys released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 won the final 10 games to claim her eighth title.
Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win.
Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday.
He moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales.
Neighbours say the family were welcomed by the community but Vincent Stanford made few connections.
Stanford was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
His identical twin brother returned from Holland and now lives in South Australia.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.
It now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending.
Hundreds of 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20.
The Liverpool super-middleweight is set to meet one of boxing's biggest talents.
Smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges to Arthur Abraham.
Ward defeated Carl Froch in 2011 and could be set for a rematch.
Ards Borough Council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale'
Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before dancing.
£950 spent on photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff at Christmas do.
Council recouped £1,920 of £7,280.85 costs from deposits from workers.
Newry and Mourne Council has spent £10,700 on staff Christmas parties.
Security officials said member of Al-Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen and freed more than 300 inmates.
Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, the official said.
Elsewhere, the advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth.
Despite the clash, the Duke of Cambridge plans to do 'everything he can' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph.
The Duke committed to being present at the commemorations in February and, according to aides, plans to play things by ear.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada.
It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
Novak Djokovic shouted at his backroom team during the Miami Open.
The Serbian player lost the second set to Andy Murray in the final.
Djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught up in the crossfire.
He posted a message on his Facebook page apologising to the youngster.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big.
After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house.
The house is actually five garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-plus square foot campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool, ballroom and guesthouse.
Hostetler realized his vision, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
Robert De Niro, 71, said if Hillary Clinton is voted into White House there will be 'no surprises'
The Goodfellas star said she had 'paid her dues' and insisted the Democrat has 'earned the right to be head of this country'
De Niro joined Clinton last December was they were both honored at the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice & Human Rights annual gala.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He claims he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013.
Lombardi claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues.
Alexander Kristoff beat off competition from Holland's Niki Terpstra.
Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap.
Sir Bradley Wiggins was one of a number of riders to hit the deck.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, woke up after a party to find his friend had tattooed his back.
Rob Gaskell, also 24, was taking revenge on his mate after Josh had attempted to tattoo Rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong.
The pair are both getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism.
He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals.
The chairman fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
Cambridge United supporter Simon Dobbin, 42, remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after an away game to Southend on March 21.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl.
Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece.
White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers.
A selection of 36 sweets are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients.
The 10 stores trialling the scheme include Blackburn, Bolton, Preston, Bradford, West Bromwich, Birmingham, Leamington Spa and three in London.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Lukaku.
Everton boss believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden.
Lukaku is Everton's leading scorer by some considerable margin.
A Northern Territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli -25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning.
The mother of-four said she loves the clouds and often photographs them, but she's never come across one shaped like this.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction.
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
It is now hoping to bring the technology to the US and has outlined plans for a line between Washington and Baltimore.
Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 came in second with 81.01 per cent of the vote.
Fiat Panda Mk2 came in 81.49 per cent and Passat Mk7 was 82.79 per cent.
Three designs by German manufacturer Volkswagen make it into the bottom ten.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Guanajuato, Mexico, last week.
She is now back with her real family after a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Garcia claimed the girl was her daughter who had been illegally taken to Mexico by her father in 2007.
A judge ignored her family's pleas and put Alondra on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Garcia.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams.
Hamill admitted he was caught off guard when Lucas invited him to lunch.
When Hamill's wife surmised that perhaps there was a new film in the works, Hamill laughed.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Barrientos has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down.
His family called Royal Darwin Hospital, NT News reports.
There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm.
Duchess of Cambridge expected to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
But due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week.
Either way, Duchess is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about possibility of being induced.
Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived at hospital in July 2013.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-finals.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
Muhammad Ali v Joe Frazier was one of the greatest sporting events.
Frazier lost in the 14th round to a technical knockout.
Cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades.
Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species.
Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod.
Cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s, but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006.
Roy Keane delivered a team talk during Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Aston Villa.
Danny Higginbotham described the speech as 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'
The former Manchester United midfielder now works as a pundit.
Proton Partners International Ltd is to open the treatment centres in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017.
The first in the Welsh capital will be operational by next year.
Ashya King, five, suffered from brain cancer but has recently been given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy.
His parents fled to Spain in a bid to get him to the Proton Therapy Centre in Prague.
They have now been formed in the UK following discussions between Professor Sir Chris Evans and UK life sciences and healthcare investors.
Thousands more people have contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011.
Number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse.
Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the ratio of reported crimes to arrests as a 'national scandal'
Air Malta passenger jet took unusual flight path to celebrate wedding.
Plane flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting Italian coast.
Special flight was to celebrate marriage of pilot to member of cabin crew.
Air Malta spokeswoman said couple were married at airport earlier that day.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of Benefits Street.
The Channel 4 documentary divided opinion with its debut in Birmingham.
Viewers were split in opinion last series, with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
Duffel bag containing human remains found on Loughery Way in Cambridge.
Suspect, who will not be identified until arraignment on Monday, arrested.
They are 'under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains'
Comes as more human remains have been found in common area of apartment complex on 6th Street.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain.
The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC.
He helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at the club.
Drinnan was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December.
The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.
It caused police systems to be down between four and five days.
Police Chief Timothy Sheehan said: 'It made you feel that you lost control of everything. Paying the Bitcoin ransom was the last resort'
Workers in Pingjiang County, Hunan province, are building a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground.
With no ropes or safety harnesses, they spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway.
Chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
Three terror suspects have all previously been named but now cannot be identified.
Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public.
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her long-term boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes.
The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday.
'He's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him,' Jahnae told Daily Mail Australia.
Jackson's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page.
Dr Charlie Teo will try to remove 95 per
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student Ranajit Roy.
He spent five minutes snapping the photographs in his hometown of Bengaluru.
The palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro.
But his wife says he has now run out of blood pressure medication.
They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma.
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park.
The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
In addition
Tom Carroll scored the winning goal for England Under 21s against Czech Republic.
The 22-year-old midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks.
Carroll has made 18 appearances for Swansea during his loan spell.
Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Altice.
The boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
Gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple.
The real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China.
While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels, ladders, and power drills.
Police were tipped off about the group's audacious plan at the beginning of March and a task force was assigned to the case.
After two
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of school for her lack of attendance.
Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance.
Rose's mother Barbara McGrath was just as heartbroken to hear the news and said even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment, that her recovery will take some time.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their state-of-the-art training complex.
Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council.
Real Madrid stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids.
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.
Her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Sarah hasn't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Like Paul, the Kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP, much of the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG is unconventional.
Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers.
But they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face.
The item bound to draw the most attention, however, is the campaign's '
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House.
The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX.
But there was one notable absence from the squad who visited.
Quarterback Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen at the White House.
Brady was named MVP for the third time in his fourth Super Bowl victory.
Syed Viqaruddin asked police van to stop in deserted area, claiming he needed a toilet break.
But when the blue bus stopped at about 10am, another of the prisoners 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'
The five men were all killed in the shooting, while just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries.
Incident came two days after a gun battle in the same state left two terror suspects and a police constable dead.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died after falling down the stairs.
They were found by paramedics in the hallway of their home in Failsworth.
Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious.
But after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show.
The 66-year-old blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.
Gambaccini said the Chart Show has become an extension of its presenter's personality rather than an objective programme.
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously.
He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause.
Mr Balls confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
Shocking dash cam footage emerged last week which showed Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia.
The video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force.
Some accused Rapiejo of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero.
But officer Rapiejayko said Valencia had left him with no other choice than to use potentially lethal force.
Colin Gilpatric, 7, wrote a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying.
The aspiring Jedi was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry.
Colin, who has autism, pleaded with the Star Wars creator to make a change to the rules.
A package from Lucasfilm arrived for Colin in the mail, and his mother Peggy filmed him opening it up.
Jordan Henderson is seeking a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but is yet to sign an extension.
Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week.
Brian Williams was handed a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004.
'He likes to sort of tell these grandiose tales... I just saw it as one of the quirks of his personality,' one executive told the publication.
On one occasion, Williams implied they had both been in Berlin together on the day the wall fell in 1989 -
Rotherham council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates.
Former chief boss Martin Kimber left in December after grooming scandal.
Council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday.
He joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham.
Mr Cameron admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground.
It later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report.
FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games were fixed.
No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season.
Edinburgh will have to see off Newport Gwent Dragons if they are to reach the final at the Stoop.
Visser was a key player in Edinburgh's dramatic win over London Irish.
Danny Willett gave a verbal blast to a rules official at the Masters.
The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round.
Willett is playing in his first Masters after carding a 71 at Augusta.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration 'The Doll House'
The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects.
Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women, and said the speech she gave about having women in companies was inspirational.
£2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha.
But customs officers confiscated it because it didn't have the right documentation.
Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it to her, because it did not have the required endangered species import permit.
Now, she has been handed victory by a tribunal judge.
The Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks.
They learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'
The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday.
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game.
Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose.
Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager.
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families.
Number of deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent.
Price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients'
Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain.
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President.
He has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Quilty has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life'
The Productivity Commission has suggested extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage.
Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says the government will examine the recommendations.
Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year.
The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died.
He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook.
Phil and his wife Vania own Ultimate Gym and Fitness centre at Winnellie together.
The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
Lawrence Phillips Phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate Damion Soward.
Soward was found lifeless on Saturday morning in the cell he shared with Phillips.
He was later pronounced dead at Kern Valley State Prison.
Phillips was once one of the nation's top college football players at Nebraska.
Konstantin Sivkov, a Russian military analyst, has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US.
He wrote a column in the Military-Industrial Courier that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies.
Sivkov says that the tsunami could trigger the Yellowstone Caldera, a supervolcano that last exploded 640,000 years ago.
The explosion would then unleash feet of volcanic ash over all of the United States.
In January 81 per cent of residents in Russia said they had a very bad or generally generally
3,118 unidentified applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida.
But after reading congratulations notices, they realized they would have to take online classes.
Classes are part of new program - Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE)
PaCE aims to accommodate higher number of students at flagship university.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres.
They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet.
And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots.
The images have not yet revealed what the mystery 'bright spots' on the surface of the world are, which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was head of Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York.
Republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job.
He hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
Arkansas Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday.
Hutchinson is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
His son Seth, a labor organizing coordinator for the Austin, Texas flagship office of the Texas State Employees Union, signed a petition asking his dad to veto the bill.
'My responsibility is to speak out on my own convictions,' Hutchinson said at the state Capitol, 'and to do what I can as
Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games.
The decision to ban Hardy followed a two-month NFL investigation.
Hardy was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend, Nicole Holder.
He was found guilty by a district court judge in July but appealed the verdict and was allowed to have a jury trial.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the CPS's decision not to prosecute Lord Janner for child abuse.
Leading politicians from seven parties have come together to attack the decision and accused the CPS of orchestrating a 'whitewash'
They say Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders is 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system.
Politicians have written to a national newspaper to demand the decision be reversed amid public concerns.
Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma.
She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the beautiful park close to her Windsor Castle home.
Today's second riding partner, Lord Vestry, is a close friend of the Royal Family and also the Queen's Master of the Horse.
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck.
Across all age groups, 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year.
Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis.
The Random Darknet Shopper was designed as an online shopping system.
It would randomly purchase items offered for sale on the deep web.
The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists.
They then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen.
Items it bought included trainers, jeans, cigarettes, a set of masterkeys.
However, it seems the robot crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets.
Police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased.
Tests on the tablets later revealed they contained 90mg
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm.
She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.
Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Costel Pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes against Newcastle.
The Romanian stopper kept his place despite pressure from Vito Mannone.
Pantilimon admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road.
Prosecutors say Van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack.
She's expected to testify Thursday.
Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing.
The case has drawn international
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March.
His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.
Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.
She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque.
The 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile.
Later in the video the elephant appears to be stuck as it attempts to propel itself forward.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade.
Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory.
Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues.
Neurio claims to make any 'ordinary home smart'
It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines.
It can also be used to keep an eye on inhabitants, by showing if relatives are eating regularly or if children are spending too long watching television.
The $250 (£168) device monitors the home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Andrew Strauss says the Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by Michael Vaughan.
Cristina Coria used Facebook and her wits to help police nab a man accused of stealing her husband's truck.
She arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston, Texas.
The suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city.
Police may charge him for theft and unlawfully carrying a pistol.
In the 90s, the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry.
Stars including Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world.
Now it's time for their daughters to take the reigns.
Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon, Ella Richards and Jerry Hall are all models.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has been photographed holding a pipe.
Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine.
Paul Merson admitted to being an alcoholic and addicted to cocaine.
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am.
Huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups as the boat pitched from side to side.
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship finally arrived at Sydney Harbour this morning.
Vacationers were put on edge as 'a lot of water' came through
Photographer Seth Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure.
The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world.
Casteel created the book by heading along to water safety classes for babies at swimming pools in ten different states.
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Martin Skrtel misses the trip to Arsenal after getting a three-game ban.
Olivier Giroud and Kolo Toure are in contention to replace him.
Per Mertesacker is expected to start in defence for Arsenal.
Jordan Henderson and Aaron Ramsey are the midfield marathon men.
The eight-inch leather dildo was found during an excavation in Gdansk, Poland.
It dates back to the second half of the 18th century and was probably dropped by someone in the toilet.
Archaeologists at the site earlier discovered old swords leading them to suspect that the place was once a school of swordsmanship.
Dozhd TV fears video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Allows imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under 18.
Video features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson holding hands.
But it is at odds with Russia's view on LGBT rights, which have become increasingly restrictive.
EasyJet customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month.
They were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation, but easyJet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee.
The Association of European Airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery.
Now prosecutors believe the Iowa lottery worker used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010.
Tipton's trial had been due to start Monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to they could examine the new evidence.
Vanessa Santillan, 33, was found strangled and beaten to death last month.
Her body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London.
The Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.
A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed.
Nigel Pearson has turned to former manager Howard Wilkinson for advice.
The Foxes boss has taken advice from Wilkinson as they battle the drop.
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.
Last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as 'America's worst nightmare'
But a poll for the Boston Globe newspaper found less than 20 per cent of Massachusetts residents questioned believed he should be put to death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on Friday at 8pm.
All funds raised will go to the charities chosen by the American and Filipino fighters.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 cadets.
He allegedly locked the doors of an office in Croydon, south London.
The woman, now 27, claims he raped her as he called her a'sweet woman'
She claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'
The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday.
The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Indiana Governor Mike Pence said Tuesday that he'd support changes to his state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act that clarifies that it doesn't legalize discrimination.
Charlene, 37, presented Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award.
Presentation of award came during Laureus World Sports Awards.
Charlene is a mother to four-month-old twins Gabriella Thérèse Marie and Jacques Honoré Rainier.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next weekend in Limerick.
The 31-year-old has a 71 per cent knockout ratio in his undefeated record.
Quillin was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to Lee.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of the England captaincy.
Capello was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011.
Terry retired from international football in September 2012.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola.
The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training.
Pep Guardiola blamed a lengthening injury list for Bayern's Champions' League defeat at Porto.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season.
Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley.
Martinez has moved to assure Gibson he has a place in his plans.
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley.
The hotel is a faux-gothic Victorian castle and may look too faux to European eyes, but the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Timothy Crook is accused of murdering his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83.
He is said to have driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them.
But the grey car he is accused.
of using to transport the bodies has been lost, Bristol Crown Court was told.
Crook's lawyer said the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia.
But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Police say the pair were last seen at Berger's home in Boerun Hill, Brooklyn.
Only 30 per cent of people in the UK consider themselves religious.
This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent atheists.
China, Japan, Sweden, Czech Republic and Czech Republic also in top five.
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south.
The 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan at 0143 GMT.
Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
Romelu Lukaku has had some big claims made about him by his new agent Mino Raiola.
Raiola said Lukaku would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier.
Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave Goodison Park.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty.
Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.
Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester.
Lewis Ferguson was riding Merrion Square in the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton.
The 18-year-old jockey collided with the fence with such force that he pivots.
Ferguson escaped the fall with only 'dented pride' according to trainer Paul Nicholls.
Rory McIlroy was joined by Niall Horan at the Masters on Wednesday.
The One Direction singer caddied for the Northern Irish golfer.
Horan fell while caddying for the World's best golfer at Augusta National.
McIlroy is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona.
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles.
The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
Raheem Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week.
The 20-year-old says he is focusing on his football.
Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 at Kingston Park on Saturday.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
George Ford scored a fly-half masterclass for Bath.
Ollie Devoto and Semesa Rokoduguni scored tries for the visitors.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, on October 26.
She was dressed as Poison Ivy at a Halloween party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig.
Her body wasn't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil.
The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in September 2005.
The married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression.
But as his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group.
Mr Morgan was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend Max Clifford.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday.
The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.
But Mr Tsipas insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
He said Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets in opening rubber.
Russia need one win from Sunday's three matches to reach final.
Edda Goering, 76, has failed in her bid to get the state of Bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the Third Reich.
Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief.
The infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew.
She has always refused to criticise him for his part in the mass extermination of Jews.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons session.
He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs.
Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars'
When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within'
He was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National on Thursday.
The 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards.
Willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut with an eagle.
Kevin Morton gave son Kye Backhouse a morphine tablet when he was feeling unwell.
The 13-year-old was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria.
Morton, 49, could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger.
He got talking to a group of SouthWest employees and they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
The party was apt as they spent a lot of time flying to see one another.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education.
He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York.
Just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Mr. Pearce now juggles his career as an eighth-grade English teacher with a side job modelling for top designers.
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.
Nguyen Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face.
The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
Pep Guardiola is the Bayern Munich coach.
Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012.
But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers.
Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead.
Man City's place in the Premier League top four is under threat from Liverpool and Southampton.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy.
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Ilkay Gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer.
Mats Hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a United player.
Gundogan anchors Dortmund's midfield and could be brought in to protect United.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton.
The German has markedly outperformed the German in the first two races.
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash.
Crystal Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to.
City acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday.
Krueger, the photo editor at the University of Kentucky newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest.
David Alaba has had his cast removed following knee ligament damage.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final.
Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed.
Jason Lee, 38, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in East Hampton.
Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri.
The giant Asian Carp decided to strike and the St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge.
Initially everything appears to be calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
Xiao Ying, 17, was found by a cleaner in a shoe factory in Wenzhou City.
She denied giving birth to the child, but came clean when managers saw that she had blood on her shoes.
The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.
Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers Crystal Palace.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for West Brom.
Pulis insists he will never take his cap off during a game.
Abbey Clancy, 29, is the winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing.
She joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27, in the new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett.
Clancy, who is mother to four-year-old daughter Sophia, said: 'As a mum, it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work'
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments.
The Clearly Youthful range starts at £5.99 and it is believed the range is the first of its kind on the high street.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the Italian capital.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori on Tuesday.
The Internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.
One in six GPs considering going part-time and 7% contemplating quitting altogether.
Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has pledged to alter targets.
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton on Saturday.
Steve Bruce is confident he can keep the club in the Premier League.
Hull are just two points clear of the drop zone.
Josh Meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths.
Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him for the Final against Falkirk on May 30.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil.
Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.
Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
It was found in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks.
He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) and believed the operation would help him regain his vitality.
The dentist claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped the'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients'
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Gary Cahill has won back his starting spot alongside John Terry.
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has kept six clean sheets.
Vincent Kompany has struggled for form during the past few weeks.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants.
Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes.
In parts of Johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart.
More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban.
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea.
The Stoke City midfielder was 66 yards from goal when he scored.
David Beckham struck from inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996.
Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game.
SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure.
She was interviewed by STV's Debi Edward for the special TV programme set to be aired in Scotland at 7.30pm tonight.
The steely First Minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with $500,000 in her carry-on bag in Islamabad.
She has been in jail since March 14 and has been denied bail.
Lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand money over to her brother.
They claim she is being targeted because of her celebrity status.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S in favour of the iPhone 7.
The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.
He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook.
It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly.
Apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday.
In addition to 300 new emojis, including the much-anticipated 'racially diverse' people icons, Apple also rolled out Wi-Fi Calling
News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
The leaked information is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network, according to media executives.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
The Bavarians are without Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
Pep Guardiola is having to content with a number of injuries.
Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund.
Tiger Woods carded a three-under-par 69 in the second round of the Masters.
Woods is 12 strokes behind the leader, 21-year-old Jordan Spieth.
If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods.
Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney in May 2013.
Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction.
He said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it wasn't made him: 'absolutely sick to my stomach'
This comes as Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis.
Instead it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex.
He said: 'I would like to have more children but if I can't have sex I may lose my family'
Surgeon Dr Vik Vijh said there was hope he could be cured - but it wouldn't be easy.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London.
He was educated by the Jesuits and believed in mystery and miracles.
His entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah wed in Brunei's capital Bandar Seri Begawan.
The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time.
Celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on their big day.
SpaceX launched from Florida at 4.10 ET from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Falcon 9 is on its way to deliver 4,300lb (1,950 kg) of food, clothing and science experiments to the ISS.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
The impact of landing, however, caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket.
Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby.
The England captain scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby in 2011.
Michael Owen scored a 96 minute winner not long after Craig Bellamy had equalised for the visitors.
Rooney scored a stoppage time winner to send his side to the Carling Cup final at Wembley.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp to take on his team.
Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13.
Kelly Kreth, 44, has written to men and women behind bars who she believes fit the bill of a sociopath and who have a certain level of intelligence.
Kreth says she shared personal information about her own life so that the prisoners saw her as someone they would feel comfortable sharing their secrets with.
'A sociopath wants to feel like he is the smartest person in the world,' Michael Swango wrote Kreth in a 2009 letter.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.
Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh.
Bibi's brother said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
His father then beat Bibi before dousing her with petrol on April 17.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under.
Overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014.
That was a dramatic increase from the year before, when around two-thirds of the child porn it found featured children of such a young age.
Scotland's First Minister says Ed Miliband has been 'kicked around' by Tories.
She called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' after polls suggest no majority.
Comes as Tories ramp up warnings about post-election deal between Labour and SNP.
SNP have soared in polls to a record 54 per cent - while Labour have seen their support cut in half since 2010.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week.
A number of flights were cancelled and schools were forced to close.
Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption.
Mohammed Mohsen captures the orange cloud getting thicker.
The man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City.
He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.
His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier.
The silver car that hit Mr Zhang sped away from the scene without stopping.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.
He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges.
HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from register.
Jury at Guildford Crown Court found him guilty of raping a fellow student.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers.
We turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier.
The early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle.
But as the disease progresses and more damage is done to the brain, symptoms become more pronounced.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month.
In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room that there is a leak in the room.
He adds: 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
The flat is in otherwise apparently excellent condition according to a series of pictures.
Edward Snowden admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from GCHQ.
Former US spy also admitted there had been a 'f***-up' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda.
The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win.
Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction.
Calf in northern India has five mouths - believed to be the most ever seen on a calf.
The strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders.
But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths.
Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna.
In India's Hindu culture, cows are revered as a symbol of life.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where Jet Surfing has taken off.
The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future.
It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Female educators who sexually abuse their students are facing tougher prosecution in part because there are more women police officers.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a large pond in Northern California.
The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping.
Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.
David and Samantha Cameron pictured at breakfast with wife Samantha and three children.
Mr Cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term.
But chat showed them teasing the Prime Minister after he appeared to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday.
VanZant has just five professional fights to her name.
The 21-year-old made her UFC debut aged 20.
The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother secretly gave birth in the bathroom.
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning.
The 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25.
Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of Eastern Conference.
Atlanta Hawks lost to Detroit 105-95.
Aaron Tate, 29, and Rachel Jaajaa, 22, were arrested Monday and charged with child endangering.
Jaajaa was leaving McDonald's after her shift ended on Friday around 8pm and found Tate in the parking lot with the infant.
Police say Jaaja refused to take the baby because it was the father’s 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans.
They say Tate then left the child in McDonald's and drove off, prompting the 911 call to police.
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family.
There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother.
She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers.
Ms English's story was not about finding her mother but finding 'peace with her mother land'
$40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines.
Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin.
Special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps complexion hydrated all night.
Made by Hammacher Schlemmer, in Canada, was developed by a dermatologist.
No video captured what happened to Freddie Gray inside the police van where officers heaved him into a metal compartment after pinning him to a sidewalk.
The cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed.
But a troubling detail emerged as hundreds of protesters converged on City Hall again Thursday: He was not only handcuffed and put in leg irons, but left without a seat belt during his trip to the station.
Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons'
Gray died on Sunday, April 19, after he 'had his
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up.
City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Raheem Sterling.
Rodgers says City are trying to build the club the right way.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies.
The incident took place outside Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney.
Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men.
He was kicked in the stomach and head by a young girl.
Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe.
Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi said his country was 'at war' with migrant traffickers.
Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection.
Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 5-0 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Juan Mata says his side must look at every game as a 'final'
United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is currently embroiled in a promotion battle.
Stubbs' No2, John Doolan, formed part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff.
Former Scotland defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
Woman dumped her cheating boyfriend's iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories.
She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
The woman scorned took the trouble to give his iMac a single soaking.
He Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2.
Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions'
The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month.
There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK.
In his letter the Prince said he had been 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, shared photos of her post-childbirth body.
She suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace.
The mother-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'
Instagram has recently toughened up its rules on the types of pictures users can post.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire.
The 31-year-old has been recruited to replace Martin Guptill.
Amla was called up by his country for the Test series against England.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas.
The Talibs left the area in a Range Rover and a Jaguar and went to the XTC Cabaret.
Police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body.
They asked him what his religion was and then, when he replied he was a Christian, they started beating him.
Nuaman tired to escape but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire.
Three weeks ago in Pakistan, in the country’s Sheikhupura District, a 17-year-old Christian narrowly escaped with his life following a similar religiously motivated attack.
Royal Mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of Anthony Trollope.
The limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of Trollope and his life.
Trollope introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France.
As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message.
He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality.
De Blasio said that going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive vision.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass.
The vessel was badly damaged and part of the deck had to be lifted.
It is the second time in two months fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
This week RAF Typhoons were launched to intercept two Russian aircraft near UK air space.
Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year.
But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England.
Forecasters predict temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday.
Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London.
Sir David Nicholson said it was crucial all parties backed NHS's five-year plan.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash – but Ed Miliband has refused.
Sir David said there was a'substantial financial problem' at the heart of the NHS.
He said politicians were talking about spending more money rather than addressing existing funding gaps.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights.
The elderly great-grandmother was swept away by raging flood water as she tried to cross Cessnock Road in the NSW Hunter Region.
Ms Newton faced the five residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day and remembered flood victim Anne Jarmain.
Margaret Atwood said Kate hasn't lived up to Princess Diana's reputation.
She said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes.
But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland.
It says more action is needed to tackle 'continuing problem' of 'hazardous alcohol consumption in young people'
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them.
So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon'
The first born Tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Naked, bloated corpses of four alleged terrorists driven around Garissa.
Survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, spent two days hiding in wardrobe.
She was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College.
Four attackers died at Garissa, but they have not been named.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair.
She monitors his movements and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
The 45-year-old has put him on a lifelong sex ban and imposed a sex ban.
Haley says she has banished Kevin to the sofa after learning that he cheated.
Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.
Her death certificate was signed by her parents Marion, 62, and John, 61.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
He was charged with the murder of the Irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17.
Miss Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month.
Princess Beatrice, 26, left Shoreditch House at 2am last night.
She was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31, in a leather dress.
The Joseph A-line dress is currently sold out.
Erica Kinsman filed lawsuit two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft.
She claims Winston assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
The hearing was held to determine whether Winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season.
Carlo Ancelotti's side meet city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Hierro believes the current squad can go on a successful European run like we did in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she stole £5,000.
She was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts.
Police discovered she had stolen more than £5k from the savings of the elderly couple.
Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months today.
'Kate effect' has put a bump in profits of British fashion house Seraphine.
Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years.
Among most popular royal choices was a £195 collarless cashmere coat.
Firm now sells it with the tagline ‘Worn by the Duchess of Cambridge’
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are deciding to ditch their underwear.
Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60.
He is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing.
The white male suspect was captured on camera inside the bank.
Chris Brugger's treatment for Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Brentuximab Vedotin, has improved his condition dramatically.
The 35-year-old's 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment.
It can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS)
The Brugger family argue that it also reinforces why it is essential to get the treatment on the PBS.
'My Name is Chris' was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris's relapse in December.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position under the lights at Sakhir on Saturday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton has got pole in every race this season.
Fernando Alonso made it into the second session of qualifying.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their mother's home in Australia in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia.
She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti.
The girls were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart.
They have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night.
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.
Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex.
Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
Frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline.
It was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times in 1990.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said people are checking their emails 'all the time'
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Laurent Blanc's side now face elimination from the competition.
Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
Reps from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.
The meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.
would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta.
She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women.
Mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating it.
Swindon Council is taking her to court saying they want to stop her from trading.
The One Direction star was seen partying with five girls at London's Soho Hotel.
He was seen rolling a joint and sitting next to a box filled with a suspicious substance.
Newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous party have emerged.
They appear to show Louis in his hotel room with his female friends.
One of them jokes that they aren't sure which member of One Direction he is.
Guernsey's only five-star hotel would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere during the German occupation of the Channel Islands.
The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival (3 April–11 May) is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago.
Graeme Finlay, 53, denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm.
The couple were on board the Thomson Celebration liner off Lanzarote when it is alleged they were viciously attacked.
Finlay, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae.
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover.
Airports are offering ever more diverse activities, and can be the gate-way to some of the world's most incredible attractions.
While firearms are prohibited, hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.
He pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick.
Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
On Friday, Patrick had his arm around his brother, who was crying.
The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women and women!'
Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God.
But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him.
He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter.
Diaz, who is openly gay, admits to throwing the yogurt at Caldwell, but said he is lying about his
Earthquake scientists from the world met in Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.
But experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents.
On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing.
Martin Odegaard has been dropped by Real Madrid's B-team Castilla.
The 16-year-old is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
Odegaard signed for Real Madrid in a £2.3m deal in January.
If Castilla fail to go up to the second division he will be loaned out next season.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.
Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.
The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016.
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill.
Its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
For the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
A four-bedroom detached bungalow with a huge garden in the New Forest town of Holbury is also for sale for £350,000.
Jack Grealish is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England.
Tim Sherwood has been impressed with the 19-year-old.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building.
Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university.
The person was possibly armed with explosives, according to the university.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu.
Cristiano Ronaldo (five), Karim Benzema (two), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win.
Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia, said at the sentencing.
The former Illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color.
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.
He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year.
Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing.
The Net Boat Fair commemorates General Lui Chengzhong, a hero in the Yuan Dynasty who successfully eliminated pests during a massive drought.
As waters around the UK get warmer, popular species of fish could become less common.
This could see the prices of these fish soar, or see them being taken off the menu completely.
Researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office.
From this they predicted the abundance and distribution of the UK's fish over the next 50 years.
As the North Sea warms, species won't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures because habitat of a suitable depth is rare.
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio.
The 32-year-old is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
Adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across Sinclair Inlet.
Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side.
The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet.
Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord.
Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary.
Police in KwaZulu-Natal are waiting for results of forensic tests.
They say she was suffocated but are unsure how many men attacked her.
A small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
Chilesaurus diegosuarezi is a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet.
These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex.
Smokey Da Lamb has been living with restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, in his Lower East Side apartment.
The couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention.
But city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
Plan was analysed by The Planetary Society in Washington, D.C.
It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA's human space exploration budget.
But that politics is holding the decision back, the panelists said.
The mission would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit.
Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos, Mars' other moon.
Neil Killham, 32, made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination.
It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and sprinkles.
The mancunian posted a picture of his clashing ingredients on Twitter.
He said: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends'
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
He duped his first wife Michelle, 39, into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a'safe house'
In reality, the former soldier was living a double life, romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell, 30.
His first wife uncovered his deception when she came across a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge.
Photographer Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
The collection has a total of 20 portraits and fine art limited edition prints.
Ukip leader spoke to ITV's Julie Etchingham on the seafront at Deal.
He described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details.
Asked if his high jinks included the sea, he confesses: 'Well I did a bit of skinny dipping'
He also discussed his battle with testicular cancer and plans to go on and on.
Kate Winslet, 39, wears a roomy size-nine shoe.
Her co-star Leonardo DiCaprio referred to her feet as'my canoes'
Elle Macpherson, Gwyneth Paltrow and Katie Holmes all have huge feet.
The Queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at Balmoral estate.
He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday.
Spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged.
Buckingham Palace said he had been'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
The dislocation comes just two years after the Duke suffered a'mild' stroke.
Czech immigrants trafficked into UK by Roma family on promise of 'better life'
They were forced to work for free and sleep in cupboards, court told.
Workers were kept under duress amid fears for safety of families back home.
But they were made to give over all their wages, forced to eat outside and do housework to pay off 'loans' for board and passage, jury told.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Gary Neville said the champions have a'mentality problem'
The former Manchester United and England defender said City are 'falling well short of where they should be'
Two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says BVA.
Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’
It comes after the Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls across the country if the Tories win the election.
Manchester City have shelled out for six coaches to take 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park.
The move was made after TV scheduling made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress.
It was covered in bright blooms at LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala.
She was joined by Daisy Lowe, Kelly Hoppen and Amanda Berry.
Wife of Deputy Prime Minister and mother of three boys.
Director Gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, on Sunday.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline.
Rogue One is set after Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge Of The Sith and before the original Star Wars, which became Episode IV when George Lucas created the three prequels.
The film has not yet begun shooting so it's not clear if these scenes will be in the final movie.
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him.
England international has been abused over his decision to put deal talks on hold.
Sterling was even heckled at the club's recent kit launch.
The 20-year-old is one of Europe's most sought after young players.
Kim Richards stormed out of an interview with Dr Phil McGraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.
But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall.
Richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, were caught on CCTV stamping 18 times.
They were expected to be jailed for the 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault.
Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the Army was keen to keep them.
But he admitted it was an 'extraordinary' decision to let the men walk free.
The first hour-long tour through the NGA's current exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective', took place on Wednesday night.
The tour guide for the retrospective, which highlights the 70-year-old American artist's 50 years of work, said the experience creates an 'educational state'
'It's all about education through experience. Witnessing everyone take their clothes off and leave them in a pile is really quite profound,' said Stuart Ringholt.
Ringleholt is no stranger to nude education, having guided similar tours at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney and MONA in
Manchester City won the Premier League title last season.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace side host City on Monday.
Pardew has refused to rule City out of the title race.
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma.
If she had waited another three months the cancer would have spread and become terminal.
Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh.
She is taking three months off to recuperate.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-0 at Villa Park on Saturday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to seal a point for Tim Sherwood's side.
QPR head coach Chris Ramsey praised Benteeke for his performance.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City.
The club are set to make the midfielder available this summer.
Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the club will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge.
Men won for third time running in 161st race.
Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley.
Shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them.
The men are shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande.
They can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food.
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London last night.
They also visited the Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61.
Mr Arwani was found dead in his Volkswagen Passat on a street in Wembley.
He was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native country.
Police arrested a 61-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder.
Edinson Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility.
Manchester United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker's situation.
Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend.
The 28-year-old's agent says a stint in the Premier League is most likely in the current climate.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer.
The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
Miranda currently has a year left on his contract.
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.
Yale University asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried.
They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits.
Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming.
But, as the results show, this national number glosses over the geographic diversity.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent.
He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day.
But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
A coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search.
Police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Owen Farrell has been out of action since suffering a knee ligament injury against Clermont in the Champions Cup in January.
Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign as a result.
Saracens return to Aviva Premiership action this weekend against play-off rivals Leicester.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain.
But her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.
Because she is mute, Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
Only 24 hours later a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance.
Care workers Lauren Gillies, 25, and Susan Logan, 59, have been jailed.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home.
Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it'
The video then includes a previously aired snippet of him talking about his family.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black.
He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally to 36.
The Real Madrid forward now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues.
Ronaldo's displays across the season have brought more goals  than the likes of Borussia Dortmund and Lille.
There are nine teams in the Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season.
Wayne Rooney was spotted driving his £100,000 Range Rover to training.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Rooney didn't look best pleased with the photographer as he scowled at his picture being taken.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 0-0 in German Cup quarter-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout.
The Spaniard followed through with a kick into the chest of Stefan Kiessling.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration.
Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain.
But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid.
This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies.
It suggests climate change affected the amount of resources available.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans, when he was ambushed.
A male suspect, later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Hazeltine was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye.
He is in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital.
Rodrigo Gularte was shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia on Wednesday morning.
The 42-year-old asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island.
Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia.
For years his family pleaded for clemency on the basis of his mental illness.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
Banda, who uses cannabis oil to treat Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas.
Her boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized.
Tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.
The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer.
Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final.
The Atleti boss is the man to watch at Estudiantes, where he was one of the first to use motivational video clips from films to inspire his players.
Simeone's side drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final last week.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was pictured looking less than impressed at the Chinese Grand Prix.
But she said she didn't think much about the incident and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' but Siying said she did not think too much about it.
She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did'
Stephanie Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
Family, friends, students and even strangers will remember the brunette at 'Eat Your Greens' function centre - the location where Stephanie had planned to celebrate her
Company linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head.
It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.
Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
The revelations have prompted probes by the Information Commissioner’s Office and the Direct Marketing Commission.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.
The research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Study came in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the US.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Arsenal this summer.
The 23-year-old has picked up 24 separate injuries during his career.
Wilshere was tipped as a future Arsenal star and England international.
But the Gunners are now ahead of Manchester City in the Premier League.
Kyle Major, 14, killed Paul Walker, 52, in the early hours of New Year's Day.
He felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head.
Mr Walker was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground.
Major, from Blackpool, Lancashire, was sentenced to three years in jail.
Jeff McCubbery and Ian Bullock devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas.
The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
Their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday.
Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby.
Floyd Mayweather invited Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
The 38-year-old pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked.
Mayweather is preparing for the $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
It has been an enormous success.
His family are 'over the moon' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be.
Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation.
Thousands of people helped to fund Jackson’s $80,000 operation and contribute to other medical costs.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral after he posted it online.
The 27-year-old burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army.
But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.
It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her.
Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'
Christopher Marinello, 53, tracked down nine paintings stolen from LA mansion.
He is representing the heirs of Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand.
The art detective is no stranger to high profile cases – having been central to the recovery of a £1billion Nazi-looted hoard found in a squalid Munich flat in 2012.
Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the French Alps.
He was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19.
Family said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation'
They said he was 'a very competent skier' who had started aged three.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies in Manchester's Northern Quarter.
He hid, asking when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?'
In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him.
Hall now risks arrest if he enters area, where each of his terrified victims lived, at any time in the next five years.
Charmain Speirs, 41, was allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana.
Hotel staff found her face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days.
Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder.
His defence lawyer has claimed in court that Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user.
Colin Bloomfield worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years.
He died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
Friends have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional'
One Direction star Niall Horan has also described Bloomfield as a'super great guy and great commentator'
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid £100 an hour.
Has appeared everywhere from television screens to magazine ads.
She's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for Bosch and adverts on the Disney Channel.
Justin Welby will say 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses'
Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings at Garissa University College.
Three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in attack in north-east of Kenya.
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign.
on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal.
But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point.
Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida.
Retired pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson is also expected to announce his candidacy on May 4 in Detroit.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana.
They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions.
Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes.
Jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks they have carried across Turkish border into Syria.
Would-be fighters are bringing items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq.
Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness.
Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek.
The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition.
Oscar has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
The 23-year-old also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France.
Oscar could be drinking a finely-crafted espresso in Turin next season.
Daisy, 26, was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
The IT girl was spotted representing the British talent at the Soho Desert House Coachella party in the company of stars like Zoe Kravitz and Katy Perry.
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone.
Yet as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's clash with Aston Villa.
Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem.
Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after shaking off a calf injury.
Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch.
On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby'
The now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday.
Former premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month.
He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg.
But the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists.
There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region.
It has £1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with burial mounds.
The Washington couple's three-year-old had first complained of someone talking to him at night.
His parents had put it down to his toddler's over-active imagination.
That was until one night when they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'
The boy's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying, 'Look someone's coming' or 'Someone's coming into view'
Technology experts have warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design.
In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type'
Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since.
Giselle visits the park every month and wears a different whimsical outfit every time.
Kristina, who works with special needs kids, takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop caught up with shoe designer Jimmy Choo.
The pair crossed paths at Nobu, in Perth's Crown Casino.
Ms Bishop was in the city to meet wives and partners of SAS members.
Choo is currently in the West Australian city to host his first ever masterclass.
Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece.
The Greek government have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions.
UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football.
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland.
The aggressor, driving a Toyota, even refused to stop fighting as Tommy Solis and his friend tried to end the attack.
At one point, the man got in the face of Solis' friend, who clocked the man, leaving him passed out cold on the road.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper.
He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department.
The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant.
After counting the money at the station, the officer returned to the restaurant to give it back to him - and to take a picture showing him
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
The 20-year-old was one of four players at the launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Sturridge said having regular football was a key consideration for Sterling.
Baby girl found face down in toilet bowl after her'mother gave birth in lavatory'
Police believe baby may have been delivered at Silcock's Amusement Arcade.
Baby April was just hours old when she was discovered in disabled toilets.
Police released CCTV image of woman they were looking to trace.
Officers say they have traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities.
Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty.
Experts suggest the set-up could have been designed to show two people having sex.
The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December.
It was the capital of ancient Silla for almost 1,000 years and is known for its intricate gold ornaments and Buddhist temples.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.
They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.
A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight.
The impact site is believed to be the 125 mile (200km) wide Chicxulub crater buried underneath the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico.
It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
During the encounter on Thursday, Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'
He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fuzhou, China.
Mr Song climbed out of the passenger door and stood behind the car.
But his wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down and knocking him to the ground.
CCTV footage shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as passers-by rush over.
Surgeons battled to save him, but he died from massive internal bleeding.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail.
She was booked on suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014.
Surveillance footage shows she was grabbed by two officers and being taken to the ground head first. She lost consciousness, suffered four broken cheek bones, a split molar and a cracked front tooth.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath.
Experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
Pictures show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
The savage punishment is a significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft.
Typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis who pump the men full of drugs to numb the limb before severing it from the victim's body.
If the men were ISIS members, that could be one explanation for why they were given considerably harsher punishments than those usually received by ordinary citizens accused of similar crimes.
Owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.
But, lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
As more people came, they began bringing items to try and help get Shelby out, using grocery bags, car floor mats, tarp, garbage bags, a straw hat and even bare hands.
Shelby still couldn't move after he was freed from the pit, so five people helped carry him to the
Liam Treadwell has been booked to ride Monbeg Dude in Saturday's Grand National.
Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009.
The ride on former Welsh National winner Mon Beg Dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
Dozens of Syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital Raqqa.
It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi PR machine would like the world to believe.
The pictures were posted on Twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who risk their lives leaking information from the city.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise.
PSG play host to Barcelona at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull engine problems will be resolved.
Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One.
Renault endured a Chinese Grand Prix to forget as Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.
The pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when Wylie came back with the bone, Brys asked him to take him to where he found it.
Scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter.
It appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass.
Dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than the force of gravity.
The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away.
Asda Little Angels 2 Newborns 0+ dummies recalled over potential choking risk.
Supermarket chain alerted to possible fault after customer complaint on Facebook.
Complaint said teat had detached from hard casing of one of the dummies.
Customers asked to either dispose of the products or return them to Asda.
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset.
The children in the video explain how it's easy to feel out of control.
'When I'm mad, my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting,' says one.
Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger.
Nicola Adams has pulled out of the English National Championships.
The Olympic gold medallist had been due to fight Lisa Whiteside on Saturday.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in.
Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Scottish drinkers are so cautious of new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent.
The reduction in spending is so severe it's damaging the country's financial growth.
New Scottish drink-drive law, enacted on December 5, cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg.
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences.
Accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception.
Jury at London's Southwark Crown Court heard he fraudulently claimed £500,000.
He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of Parma, Missouri.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Cohen has said she and Medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Next up for the sixth-placed Catalans is a trip to South Wales.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round.
The world No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal will play Fabio Fognini or Andrey Rublev in Friday's quarter-finals.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.
He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983.
Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby.
She made the comments after being confronted by her local party.
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has launched an investigation.
He has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son's situation.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Due to extreme poverty, the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Tim Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club.
Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday.
Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old.
She was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.
The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table.
The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches.
West Ham face Manchester City on Sunday.
Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham in the summer.
Johanna Powell, 37, is feared to have drowned while on holiday in Laos.
The picture editor was on a traditional wooden cruise boat when it hit a rock and sank in a stretch of rapids.
Her crew, tour guide and other passengers all swam to safety, but Ms Powell, from Cardiff, disappeared in the strong current.
Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her.
Foreign Office confirmed a body has been found, but it has not yet been identified.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League.
The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season.
Benzema's club team-mate James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Carlo Ancelotti ahead of Real's Champions League showdown with Atletico.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.
Hospital failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her.
She cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
Decision believed to be one of the most significant in a case of medical negligence.
It is the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury.
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country.
QPR travel to West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ramsey says he won't be asking for his advice.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley when Reading beat Huddersfield in the third round.
But footage of him backing Arsenal sparked a furious response from Reading supporters.
The Football Association moved young Ryan away from the semi-final to avoid a nasty reception from fans.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego.
She was partying with about 10 other backpackers in Dubrovnik, Croatia.
Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found.
It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.
Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
Albert then tells them separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively.
For Albert to be 'certain' that Bernard doesn't know
Park Crescent West, near Regents Park in London, could be demolished.
Developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish it and rebuild it as apartments.
The crescent's facade will look near-on identical to its current design.
But residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals.
They claim years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Lord Janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes.
He is now not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence'
He was one of the most prominent Labour politicians and campaigners of his time.
His entry in Who's Who occupies nearly 50 lines.
The Hobart International Airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS.
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday.
'There were no threats made towards the Hobart Airport or flight operations to and from the airport,' a police statement said.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old Peter Weber Jr., it's been revealed.
Weber has said he flies 'at least twice a month'
He also still has his driver's license.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004.
Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton.
The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together.
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet was left behaving strangely.
The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs.
But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26.
She was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her.
Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn Rovers.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker withdrew himself from the squad on Saturday and fell ill on Wednesday.
Balotelli responded by posting a photograph of himself on Instagram, holding a thermometer reading 38.7 Celsius — 1.7C above 'normal' body temperature.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators, convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals, were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests.
He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
The sentencing will resume on Tuesday.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle.
The 31-year-old will start the remaining seven matches of the campaign.
Gutierrez was the only Newcastle player to win applause from the club’s fans following the fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby defeat.
Camilla Parker-Bowles married Prince William in April 1994.
The 67-year-old is loved by 50 per cent of Britons.
She has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family.
Her success is due to her 'charm and charisma'
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties.
A high heel can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches)
The interchangeable heels come in all widths, from high to low.
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm.
Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday.
Four wickets would take him past Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Botham as England's top Test wicket taker.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Bosnia international has been one of the Premier League's most consistent keepers.
Mark Hughes has dismissed the latest reports of the goalkeeper leaving.
The Stoke boss is also hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence.
Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play.
Thomas Muller led the post-Porto celebrations at the Allianz Arena.
Sam Tomkins returns to Wigan from New Zealand Warriors.
James Corden posted a picture alongside Odell Beckham Jnr and David Beckham.
The pair were pictured in America with the 36-year-old.
Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on James Corden's Late Late Show.
Brooklyn is aiming to follow in his father's footsteps by becoming a professional footballer.
The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington.
The program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT.
Smith wrote on the blog: 'It's simple, Microsoft is stronger when we expand opportunity and we have a diverse workforce that represents our customers'
Gao Yu, 71, jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners'
She was named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000.
Ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet.
Document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record.
Austin West, 4, drowned in a pool April 6 while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard of his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina.
His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying his name.
The fake fundraisers have since been deleted from GofundMe.com, but West says the family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need of donations.
Dominique Granier suggested service for Roma in Montpellier, south of France.
But bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of route.
Mr Granier said the smell accompanied the Roma was a'sanitation risk'
Some have said the problem is poverty of those living in the camp.
Text message intended for senior aide to George Osborne divulged plans.
Details are unclear, but it is thought minimum wage earners would be exempt from paying any income tax.
Minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in October.
Ed Miliband yesterday pledged to help low earners by raising level above £8 an hour by October 2019.
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture around 40,000 years ago.
They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era.
Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife.
The dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive.
Doody has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map.
It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky.
The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less.
And the moon is shown top left for scale.
Map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland show students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
At the same time, foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
Economists Olivier Marie and Ulf Zölitz studied the 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion.
Kim Rose, 57, was questioned over allegations of bribing voters with sausage rolls.
He was never arrested or charged, but was questioned by police over alleged crime.
Mr Rose, standing in Southampton Itchen, poked fun at accusations by taking in Jaffa Cakes.
But he emerged 30 minutes later and revealed officers refused to accept treats.
Claimed there was no 'corrupt' intent behind his food giveaway.
Now he has criticised 'absolutely ridiculous' police investigation and says it could help him win seat.
Damon Albarn has criticised modern pop stars for 'talking platitudes'
The 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements.
Blur release their new album The Magic Whip later this month.
Boy, 14, remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with terror offences.
He is alleged to have incited Sevdet Besim, 18, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer during Anzac Day ceremony in Melbourne, Australia.
Besim was arrested by Australian police after Greater Manchester Police revealed the extent of communications between the pair.
The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer.
Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two.
Stuart Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from knee surgery.
LaKenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Lousiana, was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot.
Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace.
A 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a handgun among other charges.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity.
She accompanied the photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
The photo attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'
Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility.
Sources close to Bobbi Kristina's family reportedly said that 'nothing has improved' for her even after she was moved to the DeKalb Medical facility in Atlanta in mid-March.
According to sources, the family is also concerned if Bobby Brown will remain available to make an emergency medical decision for Bobbi
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012.
She suffered third degree burns to her face and body.
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
Ms Vulin spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together.
The Perth woman puts much of her progress down to her personality.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform.
She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
Periscope allows people to live-stream video from their phones to their Twitter followers with the click of a button.
In the last 24 hours, Amanda has broadcast herself going on errands, sitting in traffic in her Prius and a random chat with her neighbour.
Captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him.
Air India says altercation was limited to verbal argument and there was no physical violence.
Indian aviation officials have launched an investigation into the incident.
Redheads everywhere are doing well, says Damian Lewis.
Prince Harry, Ed Sheeran, Julianne Moore, me, Lily Cole are all redheads.
Julianne Moore has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds.
Sophie Turner, who plays Sansa Stark, is in fact a natural blonde.
Eddie Redmayne is colour blind, so can't distinguish between red and green.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike.
He was arrested more than 500 miles away on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted to the killing.
Stancil confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement, saying he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth'
Lane had worked at Wayne County Community College
Peggy Siegal said the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light.
She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world'
The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid.
Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker.
Hernandez has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview.
The Whole Pantry founder was a prominent Australian social media personality.
Her business empire was in tatters and her relationship with her fans broken.
Ms Gibson's interview will be published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
Allegedly let inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts.
Case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist.
Robinson worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble'
The Queen, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park.
Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies.
She eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Ben Affleck asked that information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his family history.
The Academy Award-winning actor and director asked producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook.
Affleck went on to say he lobbied for that information to be withheld after filming the episode.
Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since January.
The Latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
Francis Pusok, 30, was believed to have stolen horse on Thursday afternoon.
Two deputies caught up with him on foot and stun him with Taser.
He tried to get up but they stunned him again before starting the beating.
San Bernardino County sheriff has ordered an investigation into the incident.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
While the Kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will not be stealing Bruce's spotlight because they will be in Armenia when the interview airs.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared.
Most experts placed its formation at about 3 million years ago.
The new study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Williams testified under an immunity deal, admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his'miracle
The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in Tulun, Russia.
The bear, nicknamed Mishutka, will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family.
Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother.
He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry.
He says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to Britain's Sunday Times.
He has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
Bloomberg has significant business interests in the city.
His financial information company has offices there, while he personally owns a $30million mansion.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that blocked her airways.
Within weeks it had nearly killed her, after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply.
At just 10 weeks old, she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat.
Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
Her life-threatening problem was only detected the next day when a new doctor came onto the ward and noticed the birth
Dr King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee.
The FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional Committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former President John F Kennedy.
Wexler said that the bureau's actions were 'disturbing' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, all appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax.
The four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault – offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009.
She is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs.
As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
The club sold forward Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million transfer fee.
Spurs' best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield.
Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.
The decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay.
Velez lost out on a penalty and a man advantage.
Robbie McNamara was due to partner Lord Windermere in Grand National.
But he suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall at Wexford.
McNamara remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin.
Despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed on Tuesday.
Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression.
The chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home.
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'
European regulators warned Germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final showdown.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Mario Mandzukic was a bloody hero and had to be bandaged up midway through the second half.
Peter, 8, wrote a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough.
Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine.
He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz, has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler revealed.
The eatery is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant.
It features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, has had her dreams shattered.
Teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle.
The youngster set records at youth level for Wales before she was struck down by a freak accident in March 2013.
Despite two years on the sidelines, Hannah is still dreaming of a senior appearance for the Wales national side.
Hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it.
He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face and trauma to his left hand as well as lower legs and knees.
Eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit 23C yesterday.
Mother grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle.
Police called to parked car in Surbiton, south-west London, at lunchtime.
Officer PC Resteghini smashed window with his baton to rescue baby.
Baby was unhurt and father said fault with Range Rover's automatic locking system.
Temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London yesterday.
Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match.
Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
If not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years.
Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past.
The 50-year-old actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview.
Naomi Campbell, Robert Pattinson and Peter Andre have all cut their chat time short.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam has dominated the agenda for weeks.
The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in jeans.
The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city.
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel.
It featured in TV’s Inspector Morse and no one was hurt.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman has been spending time with his family in Lyon.
Gomis suffered the injury during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
Four-seater plane crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg.
Male pilot was killed in the crash, and three passengers injured.
One man is in a'serious condition', according to emergency services.
Cause of crash is yet unclear, and police are expected to launch investigation.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards.
The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'
Jenkins was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts.
England bowler slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle.
Broad had complained about the state of the crease after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at Warner Park.
For the new One Beautiful Thought ad campaign, Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.
The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove.
Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
The men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning.
The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found.
Officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts.
Miss Lawrence was last seen on March 18, 2009, when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York.
Sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, a study found.
This is because the genes that make up the people who we are cannot be considered independently of each other.
The study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden between 1973 and 2009.
It found that in only 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her husband Scott working on his car.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured.
Mrs Mayhew began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
She rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday.
The 25-year-old finished 12 under par to claim his second European Tour title.
Overnight leader Li Hao-tong finished tied for fourth on 10 under.
The video was shot on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia.
It shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide.
He squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle.
As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it.
Frances Clarkson, 53, showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini on holiday.
The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
He has repeatedly apologised to Mr Tymon both in public and privately.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie.
Gerard Pique says Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship.
The Barcelona centre back also took a swipe at Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind.
The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father.
Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
One ship even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'
At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.
Data comes nine months after commander Sarah West was flown back to the UK following claims she had a sexual relationship with a member of her crew.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been missing for two nights in Fraser National Park, central Victoria.
He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Water police have been called in to help with the search.
Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing.
But she doesn't believe he should be executed.
Warren reacted to Wednesday's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line.
'Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' she said.
Tsarnaev's lead defense attorney, Judy Clarke, specializes in death penalty cases and has spared several
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on Sunday.
They were found covered in a green raincoat, each killed with a single bullet.
Friends went to the house in Xalo, near Benidorm, with another friend.
Ann, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said: 'I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there'
Police are not ruling any lines of inquiry out, they believe the couple were murdered.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week.
The 27-year-old has been entrusted with planning the pair's wedding.
Murray has said he was involved in the cake tasting, but has left the majority to his fiancee.
Miss Sears is in charge of colours schemes and flowers as Murray admits 'he couldn't care less about that'
England football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day challenge.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill took part in the crossbar challenge at England Rugby's training centre in Pennyhill Park, Bagshot.
Olivier was impressed by his advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion.
Cahill seemed more concerned by wearing an oversized shirt.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side are now 17th in the Premier League table.
The Foxes have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive match for the first time since May 2000.
Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester’s player of the season.
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland before joining the 'death march'
Brent Council refused to increase funding for a live-in carer.
Mr Clark could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home.
His son Mike Clark, 58, said: 'He fought for the freedom of this country'
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage.
But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's.
He had been battling plans for a traveller camp near their home.
The couple moved to Bosbury from Droitwich, Worcestershire, in 2006.
Mr Knott was concerned the camp would knock thousands off the value of his home.
The payout by Maricopa County comes after it emerged that Patrick Morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl, his niece, and even got her pregnant.
Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007.
Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her.
Even though the kit showed traces of semen, the sheriff's deputies did not collect a
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
He was seen at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night with girlfriend Colleen Crowley.
This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July.
Some in the sports world, chief among them columnist Skip Bayless, began to suggest that Manziel needed to get help for his drinking.
The Miniature Space videos are filmed in the bijou area of Tokyo.
Chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread.
Then, using the palm of his hand, he gentle flattens the bread circles.
He then opens a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry.
The video currently has more than 900,00 views on YouTube.
The original 1959 Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia on Saturday.
Customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959.
Pippa Middleton said to have been buying up mull-cloth nappies in Geneva.
At £4 each, they are not cheap and they are yet to catch on in the UK.
But they are all the rage in Europe and Pippa may have learned of their merits.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final.
Inverness defender was cleared to play on May 30 after ban was dismissed.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea for £32million in 2012.
Arsene Wenger pulled out of a deal to sign the 24-year-old from Lille.
Hazard's agent discussed the move with Wenger in the Arsenal manager's house.
The Frenchman ruled he could not compete financially with Chelsea.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar.
Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson uploaded a picture to Facebook yesterday in celebration of his birthday with this message: 'But really. I thank you Lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday'
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview.
'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she said.
Fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia,' and still 'liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir'
With the drought stretching into its fourth year, California's Democratic Governor Jerry Brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption.
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed.
The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged.
They were detained on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini.
Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at Manchester United.
Wayne Rooney has hailed his team-mate as one of the best in world football.
Fellaini was instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
United travel to Chelsea this weekend with renewed hope.
Tory leader set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created.
He said recovery must be seen in every part of the country.
Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010.
Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets of Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries.
The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
No evidence of HAV or E.coli was found in re-tests of all batches of frozen berries that were not subject to the recall.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982.
Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well.
Obama also asked President Obama to exonerate black nationalist leader Marcus Garvey, who was convicted in the U.S. of mail fraud in the 1920s.
President Obama signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway.
Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived.
Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic.
It then smashed head-on into a car coming the other way.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, were killed in a house fire in Youngstown, Ohio on Monday.
Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her.
Seman, 46, was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire.
He was taken back into custody on Monday, accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case.
Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen.
He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so.
In the short book, extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs, he writes: ‘The suggestion that you can laugh at everything, except certain aspects of Islam, because Muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population'
James Freedman, 49, has been giving pickpocket demonstrations for years.
He has also advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the 'art' to actors.
Freedman, from London, describes himself as 'the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet'
Man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in Gniezno in February.
He told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.
Polish police have released pictures and information in the hope that someone will recognise the mystery man.
Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him.
The 52-year-old is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania.
He spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill.
In January last year he was admitted to Broadmoor on health grounds.
But by June his condition had improved and he was returned to Belmarsh Prison.
European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 in one month.
Enchanted Forest reached number one on the UK Amazon book chart at the start of April.
The two books took first and second place on Amazon’s bestsellers list for the US.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered croc species in the world.
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1.
The 68-year-old claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused.
Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers.
Jordan Spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on Friday and Saturday.
The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods - whose 18-under total he equalled - after a closing 70.
Spieth is an occasional member of the'money games' organised by Phil Mickelson in practice rounds before tournaments.
Ken Broskey, 69, has stage 4 cancer, and has taken a job as an Uber driver.
This so he can get money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house.
Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man.
In just a few days, the fundraiser has almost reached its $95,000 goal.
The I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, was unveiled in 2009 sparking a Facebook campaign to get it removed.
But the statue of Lucille Ball was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched.
A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and incredibly crude carvings.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart.
A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra.
Ms Scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW
California is in its fourth year of severe drought.
Almonds have become California’s second biggest agricultural commodity after milk.
Demand has exploded by 1,000 per cent in a decade.
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure.
Copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused molten material to stream from the vent.
The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion battery due to overheating has been recorded.
It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications.
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors.
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Some of the Beijing-area attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
The merger has been under extreme scrutiny since it was announced last February.
If the deal is successful, Comcast would become the nation's leading cable and internet provider.
Competition fears that the deal would allow the company to unilaterally set programming prices for the entire industry.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head on February 26.
Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself.
New police reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide on the day of his death that he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself'
The latest police information came as Governor Jay Nixon announced plans to appoint fellow Democrat and county treasurer Nicole Galloway as Schweich's replacement.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction, Alaska, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve his truck he'd just crashed.
But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
He was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back.
Glushko has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to Facebook on February 13.
A member of the public alerted police to a man threatening staff.
Hennells, 31, was found by police in a nearby pub with £410 in cash.
He was jailed for four years at Norfolk Crown Court for armed robbery.
Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough'
He said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel'
The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.
Ukip leader forced to defend stance on immigration after meeting an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
The study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure.
Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure, the researchers said.
Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo.
Witnesses say Schwab jumped in to retrieve the boy from the compound at 3pm on Saturday.
The animals appeared to ignore the boy, witnesses say.
Schwab faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Nordic country has tightened up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.
Agriculture minister Dan Jorgensen said it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed.
Reanne Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals.
Evans had seen her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season.
The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries.
He returned to action from his latest setback earlier this month.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck.
Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March.
Chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb' as the truck ran over her.
On Saturday, Pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly in his hometown Xiamen.
James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
He said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
Vaughan Williams's Lark Ascending topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame.
It was played as Hayley Cropper took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering.
The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games.
Dmitri Kovtun is wanted for the murder of Alexander Litvinenko.
He insisted that he was not involved in the dissident's death.
But he suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it.
Kovtun has agreed to give evidence at the public inquiry into his death.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Willis also designed neon signs for the Moulin Rouge casino and Blue Angel motel in Las Vegas.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio, on Thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot.
The 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards Kidder, asking him to shoot.
Officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try'suicide by cop'
At one point Wilcox said: 'Shoot me or I'll shoot you', but the Purple Heart winner refuses and responds by saying: 'I don't want to'
Eventually the suspect surrendered and
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Kolo Toure has warned Sterling that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club.
Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair joining Manchester City.
The former Everton man now plays for relegation-threatened Sunderland after a tough time at City.
The Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912.
Dubbed 'one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable'
It is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved, having been owned by a British collector for the past 15 years.
It was sold yesterday at Henry Aldridge and Son auction house in Devizes, Wiltshire, to a UK buyer.
Neanderthals vanished from the Earth 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa.
Without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did.
It is more likely that they disappeared because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors, scientists believe.
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month.
Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and.
$1.5 million.
The Block's judges praised the couple for their 'thoughtful' styling and clean grey palate.
Darren and Deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom.
Josh and Charlotte's apartment has garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters.
The 19-year-old is being tipped for big things by Rory McIlroy.
Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and then the British Amateur Championship last year.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust.
Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto.
The incident took place during a night out in Bradford City Centre.
Ms Gledhhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident.
She has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone.
Carter has been jailed for three-and-a-half years at Bradford Crown Court.
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round.
The 21-year-old came close to creating history last year at Augusta.
Spieth finished joint second with Jonas Blixt in 2014.
The new footage was revealed in a paper in Nature Communications.
It was led by Dr Haimin Wang from the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
A solar flare accompanies the twisting flux rope in the footage.
Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona.
They are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to £1.1 billion.
Firm broke through the £1bn barrier for the first time and matching more established retailers such as WH Smith.
Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland.
Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million in two decades.
Tories have promised to lift threshold if they are returned to power.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out changing tax thresholds.
He said he would not be 'raising the higher rate of income tax'
But he left open the possibility of lowering the point at which it kicks in.
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare condition.
It left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet.
He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.
The surgeries carried risks including meningitis, brain damage.
But Billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Celtic.
The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years.
Celtic have since written to the SFA about a penalty they weren't awarded.
Scotland's top club, Celtic, need to bring down a peg or two.
Lib Dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming government is not 'going to work'
He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability.
Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
He sought to make case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or the Conservatives.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app.
It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg)
On the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27lbs)
Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight.
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew.
Duchess of Cambridge is now overdue for the birth of her second child.
Prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May.
Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey.
Margaret Bates, 60, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report.
Kelly-Anne Bates, 17, was tortured to death by her lover James Smith.
Smith burnt her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes.
He also tied her to a radiator by her hair, broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives, forks and scissors.
Nigel Farage has called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year.
But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous'
Ukip’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the.
50,000 limit ‘might change every year’
Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
It will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families.
The 200-year-old Cledford Hall in Cheshire is being knocked down.
Villagers had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne.
They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time.
Carlos Tevez has shocked Juventus by suggesting he wants to leave.
The former Manchester United striker is under contract until the end of next season.
Tevez has always said he intends to finish his career at Boca Juniors.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez who died in a car crash at the World Cup.
Lopez was killed when a taxi he was traveling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car being chased by police.
UEFA say Guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’
A powdery white substance was found in the office of Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Forest Hills.
The congressman said that the Capitol police were 'prompt and professional'
The substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive'
Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
'Where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore and this is why we're all here this evening,' said crisis campaigner Diana Sayed.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony.
But delegates from the country stayed in an adjoining hall.
A video of the performance has since gone viral online.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer.
The Colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved.
Falcao has only scored four goals all season for Louis van Gaal's side.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’
The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable.
Fiorentina lost 1-0 to Hellas Verona in Serie A on Monday.
Mounir Obbadi scored the winning goal after Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty.
Fiore are nine points behind third-placed AS Roma.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters.
The TV presenter has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years.
She says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out process'
The 36-year-old says there are no current plans to have babies due to busy career schedules and a possible move to New York.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the inferno.
His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs'
Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre.
McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets which called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion'
He accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft'
The SBS managing director and Director of Sport, Ken Shipp, said McIntyre's 'highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable'
Researchers in the US and Italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
RNA, which stands for ribonucleic acid, is a molecule made up of one or more nucleotides.
It is one of three major biological molecules that are essential for all known forms of life, along with DNA and proteins.
The study is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the game.
The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Manchester United.
Liverpool are five points adrift of the qualification places.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton.
Rosberg missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in Shanghai.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title when they face their nearest challengers on May 11.
Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic win the league on their patch.
Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year on Thursday.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months.
Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird.
Bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from the roof of a house.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-3 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals so far this season.
Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng and Robert Lewandowski scored for the hosts.
Thomas Muller gave Bayern an incredible 4-0 lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining.
Xabi Alonso scored his sixth goal of the evening with two minutes to go.
In 2007, Machu Picchu was named a 'New Wonder of the World'
Since 2011, the number of daily visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO.
Last year 1.1million people reached its dizzying peak.
Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre.
There will be three different routes through the site.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after his team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night.
He stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines.
The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
Last year forward player Zach Randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game to spend a minute with the boy.
An investigator has blamed sexism, including pornography sold at base stores, for the attitudes that led to Army members joining British bikini models for a photo shoot.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015.
Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device.
Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year.
Vian told shareholders of his company, which makes Ray-Bans, that there were'some second thoughts' about what version three of Google Glass would be.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row.
The boy, who cannot be named, is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang.
He pleaded guilty to stabbing Mr Barry twice in the chest outside his home.
Mr Barry and his girlfriend, Sabrina Finn, arrived home to find the group of boys trying to get into the black of flats when they lived.
One of the boys with the killer told police he had seen his friend 'become angry and take a kitchen knife out of his rucksack'
When they ran from the block
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in gun attack on Inan Eren.
The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home.
Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, known as 'Freddy' after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer.
He was jailed for 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr Eren, the murder of crime boss Zafer Eren and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver Samuel Zerei, 22.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF)
It instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.
In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles.
The material has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets, which can be placed inside the body armour.
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be one of the cousins of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq.
Both fighters appear to be little older than 16-years-old.
The trio of teenage suicide bombers come after another teenager was shown in a video, criticising the West before he carried out a suicide bomb attack.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, have adopted 40 disabled children.
The couple found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989.
They gradually took more and more disabled children into their home.
But the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years.
Now they are living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.
He claims that his sister, sitcom star and comedienne Mindy Kaling told him not to move forward with the book.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Premier League.
United currently sit fourth in the table but could rise or fall depending on their run-in form.
Fellaini has been in excellent form for his club and country of late.
Van Gaal confirmed that Robin van Persie is still injured.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect.
But they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.
There is a growing sense that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June.
Survey finds that men in U.S. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs.
They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units.
Studies that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe.
In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation.
If confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity.
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
The supervoid can only account for about half of the entire Cold Spot, suggesting there might still be some exotic physics at play.
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday.
The 25-year-old has lost his England starting place to Jack Nowell.
May's mother taught Sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster.
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick.
The 22-year-old winger scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month.
Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week.
The 71-year-old real estate heir is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in California.
But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving his mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race today.
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction.
Participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
The Festival of the Steel Phallus is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine.
Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
The verdict came nearly two years after Chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model Jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members.
The book charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the New York area's 18 independent police forces merged into one.
A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total.
Some were forward looking, some were practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels, larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty.
Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching spectator’s barriers at London Marathon.
The 23-year-old carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist.
He is captured standing before her stretching his muscles.
Jordan then presents Kayleigh with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday.
The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection.
Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the Art Gallery of NSW.
EU rules on organic farming demands fish are treated with homoeopathic remedies.
First line of treatment for organic fish should be'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution'
British and Norwegian vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate'
Norwegian Veterinary Association says use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Queen Letizia, 42, was making an appearance at the Woman Awards.
The event was held at Madrid Casino and attracted some of Spain's biggest names.
Letizia also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award.
Vaccine designed to teach immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells.
It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers.
Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system.
If successful, could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit.
Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Hetrick is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
John Caudwell, 62, says visitors to Jacobean manor in Staffordshire feel bed vibrate.
He believes ghost is being caused by spirit of boy who died in Civil War.
Billionaire sold off Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4billion.
Tonya Stack reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle.
Boyle claims Stack 'flipped me the bird' as soon as she spotted him.
He was sitting with the grandmother of Michael Strange, a Navy codebreaker killed by RPG fire in 2011.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014.
Tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland.
Brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster.
Tim broke his pelvis but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface.
Just a week later, he was informed he did not have 'landslide insurance'
He has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage, which a donor has now paid.
Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million.
It has already been pushed back until after the election.
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England.
The majority have been ordinary at best.
Carrick played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall.
Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings, East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice.
Her husband David Phillips, 48, had already been charged  with grievous bodily harm with intent.
Appearing at Truro Crown Court on Monday he pleaded not guilty to the charge.
Gareth Bale has come under fire from fans in his second season at Real Madrid.
The Welshman has been urged to stay at the Bernabeu.
Mark Hughes believes Bale has the advantage of having a good family support unit.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate.
When they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen.
The UK beauty industryemploys more a million people and is worth £17 bn.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday.
The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
Ware will be back in court within a month for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing and there are some who feel she should be treated as an adult.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and Elaine Paige will perform at event.
It is one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War.
The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1.
Aden Gould, 21, was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury's stores across the country.
He opened two boxes containing £25 speakers and put them back on display.
Staff took him into manager's office and forced him to empty his bag.
But he was cleared of shoplifting and had to pay £150 in compensation.
The giant firm has now revoked the ban and told him to return.
Isa Richardson, 46, is a well-known character in Maidstone, Kent.
She has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences.
Richardson was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season.
The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign.
Rangers are still in line for promotion, sitting in the play-off positions in the Scottish Championship.
Swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety.
Veggie balls will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning.
IKEa is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture.
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
Speaking for the first time since making his shock decision, Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
'Watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing,' Stewart said.
Stewart also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two who was born and raised in Dudley.
He joined ISIS as an explosives expert and sniper in Syria last year.
Has shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make IEDs.
 Components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals on shelves.
Father of two says he hopes to emerge as 'best Electronics LAB in Islamic state'
Tariq regularly posts instructions on how to build bombs and areas to check function.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
They note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
Researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the operating theatre.
Stoke City host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
The Potters have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions.
Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea.
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry.
The 24-year-old was found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in the space of a year.
Labadie pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday.
There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War.
But only three have been investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder.
Charlotte S, now 94, was an SS guard in Ravensbrück and Auschwitz.
Gisela S, who worked in the feared SS under her maiden name of Demming, escaped jail.
Now 94, she still lives in the state and refuses to speak about her terrible past.
Prime Minister today set out seven key Tory policies which he said would help get people on to the property ladder.
He said they would help build more homes and cut the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.
Tory leader, wearing notably clean new work boots, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic.
The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday.
Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend.
Leinster have superb recent European pedigree and benefit from the Irish system.
Northampton, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded.
Clermont are on a 22-match unbeaten run in Europe.
Flaming cannonball set alight to medieval thatched building at Warwick Castle.
Holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball be fired from wooden trebuchet.
But sparks from fireball ignited roof of nearby ancient boathouse.
Thatched building was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at 5.45pm.
Warwickshire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed no one was injured by the blaze.
Ted Koran, 59, phoned the Veterans Suicide Hotline in Tampa, Florida on Saturday night.
He claims he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time.
The only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together.
His experience highlights the problems the VA is facing with its Veterans Crisis Hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen.
Exeter has been dubbed 'too posh for Monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road.
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city.
But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
High-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the city's Gothic cathedral, Exeter castle, the Guildhall and modern shopping centre.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight will be streamed live across the world.
Click here for all the latest boxing news.
A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
During his address, Mr Abbott said the troops who fought in the First World War became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series.
The 33-year-old scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test.
England failed to see out the win in Barbados.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's matches this season.
The Welshman has missed out on just eight starts in 50 matches.
But Real have a 100 per cent win record when he has been away.
Bale missed Wednesday night's Champions League game against Atletico.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema, Toni Kroos, Sergio Ramos and Bale were all on the sidelines.
The Bell 525 Relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year.
The helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort.
Manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at $15million (£10.12m)
Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California.
It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'
Aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity.
The battery is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries, and can't catch fire like lithium-ion technology.
Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the campaign trail.
He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed'
Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist'
But all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups.
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga.
Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material.
After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano.
Now Champions League quarter-finalists Porto are ready to poach him.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother.
Glover was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center, leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following Saturday's race.
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter.
Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago.
The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that he served honorably.
It also casts a huge shadow over the deal to swap five Taliban commanders for the Army sergeant.
Bergdahl says he walked away because of PTSD
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's recent post-match comments.
Houston's jibe about his Falkirk team scoring all of their goals against Hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve.
Stubbs takes his team to Livingston for yet another crucial Championship game tomorrow night.
Amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out so he can have the 'one big payday' which has eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career.
Brook immediately challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but the Bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30.
Khan has reiterated his intention to take on Brook within the next 12 months.
The 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes.
She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with Daniel Williams.
He faces several further offences including voyeurism.
Nokes is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the first half.
Philippe Coutinho equalised for Newcastle in the 71st minute.
Sterling was in total control of events from the moment Henderson’s pass arrived.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances.
'Floral perfumes can take years off a woman'
Aston Villa host QPR at White Hart Lane on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood admits he does not have the players to grind out results.
Victory would move Villa five points clear of the Premier League drop zone.
But they will return to the bottom three if QPR win.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby.
Franco Di Santo scored the winner for Werder.
Hamburg are the only team never to have played in the second division.
Bruno Labbadia has been tasked with preventing Hamburg from going down.
Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter.
Men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
Last week, a flurry of bets placed on Perkins propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position.
Perkins tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months.
Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital.
The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding.
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones.
His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet.
The plan was devised by Vicky Marshall, who runs a natural dog food company and realised that none of her 5,000 customers' dogs have weight problems.
Aryl Foster, 33, was last seen on February 12 leaving a bar alone in Ybor City after a night of partying.
After a widespread search, the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in Brandon, just a few blocks from her house.
Autopsy results suggest she accidentally drove into the water while under the influence of alcohol and marijuana.
Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions.
Altogether, they donated nearly 15 percent of their income.
The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out.
Baltimore Police Department report says there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest.
Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van', the report said.
A Chevrolet spokesman said that their vans don't include protruding bolts - but left open the possibility that Baltimore Police modified their vehicle.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season.
The 19-year-old defender will be missing for the Champions League qualifiers.
Denayer made his international debut for Belgium last month.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts.
Trend comes as older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures.
Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a WWE wrestling figure.
Tim Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials.
Sherwood has guided Villa six points above the relegation zone.
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal to join Munster.
The 24-year-old will move to the province later this year.
Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park.
Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched an impressive $173,000.
From the Humphrey Bogart years, before he died from cancer in 1957, was his black granite games table and a pair of silver candelabras from the couple's marital home in Los Angeles.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar from 1973 to 1982.
He would meet and photograph prostitutes who came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac.
The bar was located on the block now occupied by the New York Times headquarters.
Nadelman's thousands of photos have been digitized by his son Stefan.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn.
Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching regulations.
Inspectors found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad.
Food safety systems, monitoring checks and procedures were not in place.
Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.
The 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett's Wanderers.
Wolves are building up a head of steam as the Skybet Championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
Whittington posted bail. He will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24.
Jess, 29, is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign.
The resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces.
Jess says she is a huge fan of the brand.
Topshop and Topman set to launch second store in NSW on 16th April.
British brand will host four days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists and giveaways.
UK brand promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from London each week.
Al Sharpton denies family asked him to stay away to avoid 'circus'
He will preach and attend a vigil on Sunday, the day after the funeral.
Allegations that Scott's family wanted nothing to do with Sharpton were published by the New York Daily News.
Sharpton said there has never been a discussion about him attending or participating in the funeral on Saturday.
Around 650 foreign entrants joined in today's event under constant watch of soldiers.
The event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country, which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un.
Last year Will Marks, the British man who won the amateur half marathon category, revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags.
Photography was also forbidden, but many runners flouted the rule.
Labor senator Penny Wong and her partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to their second child on Good Friday in Adelaide.
The couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old Alexandra.
It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old England full-back is interesting his former club.
Wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium.
Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career.
Aljaz Bedene secured a British passport last month.
The 26-year-old cannot currently represent his new nation in the competition.
Bedene's switch in nationality has been met by criticism.
Greg Rusedski has supported Bedene's bid to overturn ITF ruling.
Millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay heard laughing on police wiretap.
He is thought to have made £72m with accomplice Mered Medhanie.
Ghermay also showed callous disregard for plight of his 'customers'
He was already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa that left 366 dead.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was arrested on Saturday afternoon after allegedly walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road.
She initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail.
Once she was subdued and placed in the police car, officers found white residue on her teeth and a three-inch scratch mark in the paint of the trunk.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest.
At his heaviest he weighed six bags of crisps and two bottles of Coca-Cola a day.
He ditched the takeaways and switched to a healthy meal plan.
Now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday.
They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group.
The six, whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for Hibernian.
Hibs are currently second in the Championship.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama.
His mom put his photo on Facebook and it was deemed to be too controversial.
Facebook has since reversed its decision after public protest.
A nationwide account has been created at Wells Fargo for the baby boy.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA.
It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2.
Any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch.
It will then go on general sale online and exclusively from 23 April.
Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99 - which is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model.
A new study has revealed that for 54 per cent of single women, the best part about being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed.
But for Aussie blokes, 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat.
While more than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life, women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'Mr Right'
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent.
The 19-year-old Barcelona B winger is turning down a new deal.
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel.
The Grade II listed building housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences.
But the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls exposing traditional brickwork.
Exercise yard, once open to the elements, has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space.
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016.
Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes Guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money.
Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Kamron T. Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Taylor, a 23-year-old from the county, is considered armed and dangerous, the sheriff said.
He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow.
The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler’s Cabin.
Cantlow disputes favouritism for Monday's race due to McCoy on his back.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with Islamic State.
The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio.
His cousins have taken to Facebook to pay tribute to their much-loved family member.
Islamic State has been heavily recruiting young Australians to come to the Middle East via online videos.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32.
She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six.
But she now weighs just 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and cannot eat.
Her condition leaves her in constant pain and she can barely keep food down.
Now she is so tired she cannot work and her fingernails, eyebrows and hair all regularly fall out.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir.
When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground.
He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts.
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram.
The Manchester United star has been a key figure this season.
Blind has featured in midfield and left back for Louis van Gaal's side.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September.
Former Sainsbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.
Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars.
It relates to Sainbury's joint venture with local supermarket chain Edge.
Mr Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction.
Wayne Kyle gave his first interview since the end of his son's killer's trial.
Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013.
Eddie Routh was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Mr Kyle said it was difficult to be in the same room as the killer.
He also spoke about a Texas legislator's push to award Kyle with the medal of honor posthumously.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams.
Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around, punching, kicking and jumping out of bed.
Ashley Young moved to Manchester United in June 2011.
The 29-year-old says it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Young feels he has a role to play under Louis van Gaal.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance.
He was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences.
Giggs was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught this four metre tiger shark at the weekend.
He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border.
The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach.
Mr Muggerid said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity.
It could have been world record size but he wasn't able to accurately measure the beast.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final.
Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month.
Arsenal won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow.
The kick-off time for the clash has also been confirmed as 5.30pm on Saturday May 30.
A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father, Mervyn, in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs.
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42.
They are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving photographs.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon.
It has now been upgraded to a super typhoon with winds of 150mph.
Residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours.
Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston.
Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday.
Forecasts come after snow hit several states - including Ohio, New York, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan - earlier this week.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff in the FA Cup semi-final.
Pavel Pogrebnyak opened the scoring for the visitors.
Conor McAleny equalised in the 90th minute.
Reading face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half.
Ander Herrera was penalised for diving late on.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
There have been calls for Mr Johnson to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from Labour.
Poll put Ukip on 17 per cent, Lib Dems on seven per cent and Greens on three.
Jermain Defoe was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle.
The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out.
Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby.
Danny Wilson will leave Hearts at the end of the season.
The defender activated a clause in his contract at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Business leaders have voiced their fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign'
They believe it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering'
Comes as bookies named Ed Miliband the favourite to be next PM.
But Cameron's advisers have the same fear and have called on campaigners to change tack.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when demonstrator threw confetti.
She yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off.
Two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi.
Feminist activist group Femen claimed responsibility for the stunt.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months.
She was last seen dressed as Batman villain Poison Ivy at a Halloween party on October 25 attended by around 800 people.
Police conducted the search on Sunday night focusing on an area near the Flat Rock Assembly Plant.
Two were charged separating for telling police lies about the missing woman.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final.
The Inverness defender was sent off for deliberate handball.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
He was subsequently cited for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball.
Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport.
The former Northern Territory politician is believed to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East.
In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants.
Gardiner is also head of the NT Labor Party, though he was suspended from his role after his disappearance.
The new dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings.
The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap.
Palaeontologists in China say the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur.
Discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air.
Matilda Fitt played baby Julia Poldark in the BBC drama.
She was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz.
Matilda won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks later.
Her mother said watching the scene brought tears to her eyes.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open.
The No 1-seeded will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday.
More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
The decision to award the World Cup to Qatar has been controversial.
The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
The Baltimore Sun's Aaron Wilson broke the story, with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment.
Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
SeaWorld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows an ex-trainer repeatedly using the N-word.
John Hargrove was a trainer at SeaWorld for 14 years and spoke out against the company in the highly critical documentary Blackfish.
Anne Jarmain, 86, was killed when her car washed away in flood waters in Maitland.
Her body was found at 7pm on Wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road.
Neighbours lament that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home.
The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the Hunter region.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller.
The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
Kim and Kanye were seen heading to the cinema twice during their first holiday as a married couple, last May.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19'
Couple started arguing over 'infidelity' in bedroom of St Paul apartment.
Carried couple's three-month-old child, he then shot Miss White in face at close range.
When medics arrived at scene, they pronounced young mother dead, police said.
Now, Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at court.
Suspect had 'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman.
If convicted, he faces up to 40 years
The son-in-law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver was indicted Monday on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative.
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was accused of running a $7million Ponzi scheme.
Trebitsch is married to Silver's daughter Michelle.
Despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund, Allese Capital LLC, and a certified public accountant who 'kept the books', Michelle has not been charged in the scheme.
Rafael Benitez has yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli.
The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season.
Benitez joined Napoli in the summer of 2013.
Napoli are fourth in the Serie A table this season.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch.
Teachers have banned packed lunches and erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling.
Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat.
Oxford women made history with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years.
For the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course.
Oxford's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew, but also for rowing and sporting equality overall.
Audrey Hepburn's Moon River tops the chart for British parents.
A third of parents say they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their babies.
Ten per cent opt for pop tunes, while Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second.
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have both bagged braces in recent games.
Herrera scored a brace as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday.
Mata completed his brace against Liverpool with a stunning volley on the hour mark.
The pair are set to clash in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Princess Leonore, 14 months, visited the Vatican with her mother.
She is thought to be six months pregnant with her second child.
The baby will be born in Stockholm this summer.
Prince Carl Philip will marry fiancee Sofia Hellqvist in Stockholm.
Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement.
She is able to sit but cannot walk, and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around.
The smiley toddler was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
Staff at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it online.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight.
Pacquiao says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to come out on top.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force.
The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker admitted his desire to see the best talent in the world at his club.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7.
The mother of two says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'
Ms Cox says she is a good mother who gives her older son William just as many hugs as she does Alex.
She says she doesn't want anyone else to touch him or 'rub their smell on him' because it would interfere with his unique and special smell.
Her revelations came to light during the taping of the SBS Insight programme
Mark Jones is accused of killing his daughter Amelia Rose Jones.
The 41-day-old died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital.
Jones, 45, denies murder at Newport Crown Court after denying murder.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott.
He had a vasectomy and bed 12 strangers in as many months.
She’s now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley against Newcastle on Sunday.
The 32-year-old is the first Sunderland player to take part in the challenge.
Defoe set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
He then took the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a Creme Egg.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, during a domestic argument.
Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the bedroom, prompting their son to step in.
The father pulled a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back, prompting his son to run for his life.
He then jumped in his girlfriend's car and fled, but police tracked him down at a nearby Shell gas station.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the Rugby World Cup final.
Director of rugby Mark McCall lauded his young guns after their latest European heartache.
McCall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival.
It would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed to DailyMail.com.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean.
But doubters have questioned how he seemed in such good shape after ordeal.
Jordan said his morale was boosted by reading the Bible from cover to cover.
Claims he lost 50 lbs after his supply of tinned food ran out and his diet was reduced to raw fish.
Joshua Smith, 16, was plucked from the water by RAF rescue helicopter.
He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Police say death is not being treated as suspicious, but have referred it to watchdog.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years.
The 22-year-old was signed from Crystal Palace for £10million in 2013.
Zaha was loaned back to the Eagles for the remainder of the season.
He has rediscovered his form at Crystal Palace this season.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
This is the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history.
The Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King.
It was backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad.
The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England.
Pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan.
Ronny Deila will take his Celtic side to Hampden Park for Sunday's semi-final.
The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with.
Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year.
But yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
She has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions.
Claims that HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers.
It is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland.
Firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors.
Recent releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington.
New releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
The result saw the Gunners reach the final at Wembley.
Reading's Adam Federici scored the only goal of the game.
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming.
Presenter has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say that 'everyone's upset'
But he today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support.
Ms Rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if invited back.
She said: 'It would be great if they said "let's get the old girl back to do the odd film for us"
The woman in her mid- to late 30s was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt.
She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate'
The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday.
Organisers have had to stop parents bringing prams because they were using them to smuggle out eggs.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the Miami Open quarter final.
The world No 4 is into the semi-finals of the tournament.
Murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Argentina's Juan Monaco.
British No 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world number 83 as motivation to better themselves.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet.
It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013.
The building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a'meeting tower'
BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms.
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days.
Forecasters predict rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.
The grim forecast comes after Britain basked in what looked to be one of the warmest Aprils on record.
Steve Clarke's Reading side were beaten by Arsenal at Wembley.
Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Arsenal.
Clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline.
The Reading boss won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 1994.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was part of team that prosecuted dozens of men and women responsible for running Bergen-Belsen Concentration Camp.
He was also responsible for the camp commandant Kramer, the doctor, Dr Klein, and nine guards, being sentenced to death by hanging.
His family said he struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault.
She hit her husband Daniel with their SUV in Mesa, Arizona, on Sunday.
Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty.
But now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday when she crashed her black BMW.
Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies.
She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Nyia Parler, 41, allegedly left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible.
Just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there.
She then went to stay with her partner in Maryland.
On Sunday police said that Parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself.
Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault.
Woman who escaped from IS capital Raqqa in Syria said women are forced to cover up.
She said they are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home.
They are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them.
The woman said she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking rules.
This World: World's Richest Terror Army airs tonight on BBC2.
The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces.
On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak.
She was appearing alongside Mr Cameron at a National Grid training centre.
Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
Hillary Clinton's family were from Ystradyfodwg, close to Neath and Merthyr Tydfil, and now part of Rhondda in Wales.
Her great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in the Welsh Valleys.
She went on to marry William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871.
The family made the lengthy journey via Ellis Island to Scranton in Pennsylvania.
Hannah Jones was one of just four children out of 14 born who survived.
Mrs Clinton's grandparents met Hugh Rodham, part of the Rodham family who had travelled to
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo.
The five-year-old giraffe had gotten his head stuck in the enclosure's fence.
Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at the zoo.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Porto lose.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline.
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy on the beach.
Maggie only gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago.
The mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self.
Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday.
But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday.
Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Friends and family of murdered Ms Scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral.
She was last seen at her workplace, Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney,
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan.
Gross National Happiness is considered far more important than Gross Domestic Product and economic success.
A 12-day tailor-made Gentle Walking Bhutan holiday costs from £2,475 including return flights from Kathmandu to Paro.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved.
Jan Oblak was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.
Gareth Bale didn't work hard enough for Atletico but just wasn't good enough.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Guardiola has been a top target for several European clubs.
The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
The former supermodel, 46, is gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April.
She suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11.
Christy, who is mother to daughter Grace and son Finn, eight, with her husband of 11 years Edward Burns, 47, launched Every Mother Counts in 2010.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries.
But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
His wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband.
A former girlfriend told how when she confronted him about the affair, he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he had been delivering post to.
A 49-year-old cancer patient showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer.
Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses'
They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab.
They hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall.
Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs.
Luke Shaw has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United.
The 19-year-old has made only 17 appearances in all competitions.
Shaw is relishing the prospect of facing boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday.
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when Newcastle lost 2-1 to Sunderland.
Gullit controversially decided not to start Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson.
Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
The 30-year-old singer first shared the news in early April that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease.
Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have the condition.
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online.
Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
Michaels is a legend at NBC for SNL - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing.
Madonna's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan.
The word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering on the bag.
Rihanna and Madonna are mere amateurs compared with artist Grayson Perry.
Perry designed his own brown leather bag in the shape of a scrotal sac.
90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh.
It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
For nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care.
They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her friend's finances.
She later became a carer for her 87-year-old victim, who was battling breast cancer.
But the grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales.
Bailey was given a suspended jail sentence after admitting theft.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020.
This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
David Cameron said the assessment showed Labour was 'a risk to our recovery'
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997.
He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club.
But a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow.
Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team.
In his autobiography, Negri reveals his nightmare started after a reserve match vs Aberdeen in 2000.
Investigators have now rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote Indonesian island.
They returned to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified.
Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain from their home country.
Employment agency Mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
Company did try a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from Cornwall to their base in Swindon.
But they say they were forced to look further afield when that scheme failed.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career.
Thornton needs fewer than 20 winners to reach 1,000 in his career.
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ.
The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US.
They used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of 'diplodocid' dinosaurs - a group that included some of the longest animals that ever walked on the Earth.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
It comes with seven preset light settings, including 'warm white light', 'cool daylight' and what Philips describe as 'five natural dynamic effects'
It gradually dims or increases light intensity to gently encourage sleep or waking.
The light will be on sale in the US from June and cost $100.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Jordan Rhodes doubled Blackburn's lead in injury time.
Gestede bagged goal number 20 for the season for Rovers.
Neil Harris' side are four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought.
Barcelona travel to Almeria in La Liga on Wednesday.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts.
She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it, which is not.
But bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter, Margot Vignat, suggested otherwise.
Ricci boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet in an upmarket Swiss ski resort.
Gabrielle Giffords, 44, walked through LA airport using a cane on Thursday.
The former U.S. representative is now an advocate for gun control.
She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
They were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages.
The majority were kept in a squalid garden shed.
Couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs by failing to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails.
Mrs Mazan, 53, chose not to give evidence at Bradford and Keighley Magistrates' Court during the two-day trial.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off Falklands.
Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory.
It comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in remote field.
Find could increase fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off.
A Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing.
The egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5g.
There is nothing as synonymous with Easter chocolate eggs as chocolate eggs.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the 'tidal wave of guff' in classrooms.
These'missives in mediocrity' often tell pupils to 'live your dream'
Mr Hendrick argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence.
For The Superhero Project, Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes.
She dresses them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four.
Apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age.
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric.
The series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor.
English will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes'
The ladies are currently in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program.
Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce's team bus on Saturday.
A Turkish official says police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack.
One of them is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus.
The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Cordula Schacht representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler.
Schacht's father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
Lawsuit comes after Peter Longerich drew on diaries for a biography.
The biography, which includes the same entries, is due to be published in May.
Random House Germany says paying such money would be immoral.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn.
The fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables.
It has now been brought under control but firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire.
More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials.
Parasitic insects from the preserve were found to carry the illness.
Plague is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents.
The Southwestern US is similar to the plains of Central Asia.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral.
She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning.
The cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions in Tuscany.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas.
The high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.
TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.
She refused to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the NMC.
Ms Ratcliffe accepted 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria.
They include claims she failed to adequately monitor patients.
In March, an independent investigation found failures at the trust led to the avoidable deaths of at least 11 babies and one mother.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday.
His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.
Though the felines appeared to avoid the child, Dr Christopher Kuhar, executive director at the zoo, said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday.
Apple Watch goes on sale on the 24th April.
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad.
Customers can try on and experience Apple Watch at their local Apple Store or at Galeries Lafayette in Paris, Isetan in Tokyo, Selfridges in London, and select Apple Authorised Resellers in Japan and China.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed with a one-in-a-million genetic condition.
Doctors say it will eventually give her cancer if untreated.
The rest of the family are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
GATA2 is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
Lucas Leiva played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game.
The Liverpool midfielder is looking to recapture his best form in two years.
Steven Gerrard is suspended for three matches for his sending off.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the league.
Martin Skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in Liverpool's 2-2 draw with Arsenal in December.
Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in Premier League history in 1994.
Thierry Henry scored a treble against Liverpool at Highbury in 2004.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.
The dress is exclusively available on Tesco’s website and is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.
It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province.
The man in his twenties stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him.
Chinese social media users praised 'tough girl' Cao Yu for her bravery.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.
Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK.
Greece is the biggest improver over the past year with its 5.6 million incoming passengers from Britain a 13.2 per cent increase.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's trip to Newcastle with a hamstring injury.
The France international came off in the first half of Wednesday's FA Cup replay.
Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans.
Daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team despite an injury scare.
Rory McIlroy will play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade.
Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament.
Gene Sarazen made his albatross on the 15th hole in the final round to edge out Craig Wood.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Karim Benzema missed Real's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League second leg on Tuesday.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a skillful trick.
Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
Keeping her eyes fixed on the toy, she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it.
Clint Gee was forced to dig his mother's grave after a council 'co-ordination error' meant work had not been done to the burial plot.
Mr Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964.
He paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400.
The council apologised to the family, and provided Mr Gee with a refund.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor.
While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on.
Baltimore Police did not immediately return Daily Mail Online's request for comment Tuesday morning.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers' play-off push towards the Premiership.
Northern Ireland international joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career.
Song has picked a mixture of talent in his squad.
Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League.
Patrick Kluivert has helped Curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 World Cup qualification.
The Caribbean island team drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat.
Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad.
Sebastian Larsson is suspended for Crystal Palace's trip to Sunderland.
Sunderland have only scored more than twice in two Premier League games this season.
Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem.
Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history.
The employee wage bill ballooned to £9.1m last year.
Nigel Wray has restated that the salary cap must be scrapped.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban.
Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban against Barclays Premier League rivals Leicester.
Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
The pair often go to shows and museums in New York City, but relatives have filed a missing person report after Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break.
Mrs Costello was her late husband George's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter.
Nigel Farage faced claims of a ‘cover-up’ for censoring poll.
Poll suggests he is on course for humiliating personal defeat in General Election.
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent.
If poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career as he vows to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year.
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
Virgin Galactic has not named this vehicle yet.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to Yemen 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa.
She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home amid heavy shelling.
Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country, but Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired and the UK authorities in Yemen are closed.
They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return.
Comes after Houthi militias, aligned with Iran, began taking control of territory in Yemen in September.
Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago.
In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners.
He will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year.
A White House state dinner is the highest diplomatic honour the U.S. reserves for allies and other countries.
Bus ploughed into the engine of a Boeing 777 passenger jet.
The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service.
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Ireland's busiest airport.
Bafetimbi Gomis came off in the early stages of Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Lawrence Tynes has filed a lawsuit against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for $20million in lost future earnings.
The 36-year-old is seeking an additional $15,000 in damages and says the infection has ended his career.
Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow believing it was feral.
But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.
The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in the Premier League.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for Palace.
Manuel Pellegrini claimed he does not fear the sack.
Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging in London today.
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle.
She is also preparing to raise money for the British Heart Foundation.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick for Wasps.
Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua scored tries.
A. Alfred Taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack.
Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain.
He also became a major backer of stem-cell research.
Five Chinese feminists have been detained by police for more than a month.
They face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.
The women have been linked to several stunts over the last few years.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Ligue 1 champions need three goals to progress to the semi-finals.
Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can score three in the Nou Camp.
PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home to Barcelona last week.
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in London.
The Chelsea striker was spotted taking a stroll through the capital.
Drogba replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box.
The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage.
A good Samaritan, who has not been identified, was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs.
She then took the puppies to the animal center for treatment.
Once the puppies complete their treatment at the center, they will be put up for adoption.
Charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments.
Clinton Foundation and Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years.
Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton, who is seeking the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, vulnerable to undue influence.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
No details or cause of death have been released.
The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday.
Man could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the van as it hurtled down the M40.
He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the van.
Today his boss, who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing, revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out of the door because he wasn't feeling unwell.
Police are investigating the incident, which took place on Friday afternoon.
The 34-year-old reality star revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits.
She is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older.
Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection.
Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000.
It has no bathroom, no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or novelty 'Noddy' train.
Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to use the hut which can sleep up to five people.
Hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent, although the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove.
But the Derby-based model was secretly'repulsed' by her body.
She checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone.
King Willem-Alexander and his glamorous wife Maxima visited Dordrecht today.
The visit kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession.
16-year-old filmed throwing kitten against door and flushing it in toilet.
Tilly was in such a sorry state that she had to be put to sleep.
Owner Sarah Reeves, 19, was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force.
The Northern Territory man returned home to find his wife had left him.
He pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone.
Costa was unable to contact his wife but lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company to hunt down his spouse.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
The fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Mayweather is expected to earn an estimated $180million from the fight.
Coca-Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red.
Since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke.
Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes.
Coke Zero, which is also sugar-free, and Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close.
Sir Alex Ferguson has spent his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
The 73-year-old was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations.
Ferguson revealed that his life hasn't so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013.
Mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery.
Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was going to Binzhou City to find work.
He has not been heard from since.
Local media have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as 'trotters'
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire.
The 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children.
Among the schools where Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary School.
Hampshire Constabulary are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
Barcelona are five points clear at the top of the La Liga table.
Luis Enrique has urged his players to focus on the Champions League.
Andreas Iniesta has been ruled out of his side's clash with Valencia.
Real Madrid host Malaga in La Liga on Saturday evening.
SNP leader will unveil manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy.
Plans include slashing tuition fees in England from £9,000 a year to £6,000.
Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left.
She also wants the UK to formally recognise Palestine as a state.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough.
The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable.
Their six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin prompted'very fond memories'
Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August.
Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Graziano Pelle and Andros Townsend scored for England.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window.
He is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up.
One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet.
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)
Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together.
Her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship.
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to honeybees.
They pick off bees as they leave their hive until colony is exhausted.
Hepet is thought to have travelled to France on some Chinese pot plants in 2004.
It has colonised huge swathes of the country and can destroy 30,000 bees in a couple of hours.
Experts fear millions of them could be heading for Britain.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See.
The controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican.
Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
Camilla, 26, wore a daring, backless black dress at the Olivier Awards.
She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester on Saturday.
The 'pre-engaged' couple looked the picture of happiness.
Luis Suarez scored 31 goals in the Premier League last season.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling all played well.
Jordan Henderson was outstanding, Martin Skrtel was a big presence.
There is no obvious candidate for who has been Liverpool's player of the season.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design.
The Massachusetts company says its device could'make this necessary chore easier' and reduce the 38,000 injuries caused by walk-behind mowers each year.
But the National Radio Astronomy Observatory argues that the frequencies iRobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol – a key sign of star formation.
Scientists have been trying to uncover the source of mysterious radio signals being picked up in Australia.
Winston Churchill was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at 1959 gathering.
Party brought together great and good of Allied WWII campaign in London.
Churchill, then 84, was famously partial to a daytime drink.
But he appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as leaders posed.
Other guests include Viscount Montgomery and Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother.
As she walked through the door, she revealed she had had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm.
Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
The video was captured in February but the priceless reaction is only now emerging online.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past PSG at the Nou Camp.
The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in Spain.
Leo almost burned down his owner's home in Peckham, south-east London.
The Staffordshire-Boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker knobs, switching on the hob.
Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.
They bought their home in Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987.
But it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender management centre.
Pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for the third time against Premiership opposition this year.
The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad.
A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage.
Millwall beat Charlton 2-1 at The Den on Good Friday.
Jos Hooiveld scored the only goal of the game in the 87th minute.
Alou Diarra gave Charlton the lead against the run of play in the second half.
Charlton keeper Stephen Henderson saved Lee Gregory's penalty.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975.
Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them.
Jay Dasilva was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League on Monday.
The 16-year-old is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger.
Ian Wright has predicted that four of the Blues side are set for a bright future in the game.
Kate Major Lohan was arrested for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report.
Michael was ordered to rehab by Michael last year.
Kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed Michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating.
She was then taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director.
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school.
It follows the bronze statue that was made the director after his Oscar winning film.
Mediapro group are behind the project, headed up by Allen's friend Jaume Roures.
The Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, says he may never again see out of one eye.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised.
Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League second leg.
Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game.
Record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page.
L'equipe lead with a 'giant' evening approaching for Monaco.
Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in 2010 brought matters to a head.
FIFA relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in Brazil.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died.
He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina.
Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day.
The fraternity has been suspended pending the investigation.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury.
Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
Drogba is a potential doubt for Sunday's trip to the Emirates Stadium.
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour.
She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff.
Husband Paul says she was forced out of the post into another job.
He says she drew attention to management blunders which cost licence-fee payers £150,000.
The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material.
But it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this.
The two images, released yesterday, were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km)
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week.
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National.
Woods last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back.
That followed a missed cut at the Phoenix Open, where he shot a career-high 82.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out.
Nguyen then flew back out to sea and jumped from the helicopter seconds before it crashed.
His family would be part of the 30,000 South Vietnamese refugees ultimately rescued by the Kirk.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to progress to the semi-finals of the Miami Open.
The world No 1 will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep.
Williams will face Romania's Halep for a place in the final.
West Ham sit first in the Premier League rankings with 999 points.
Sam Allardyce wants his side to qualify for the Europa League next season.
The Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time before they move to the Olympic Stadium.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23.
A host of international footballers took to social media to celebrate St George's Day.
Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie.
'We Will Burn America' video calls on supporters to attack U.S. on its own soil.
It also includes footage of 9/11 terror attacks and recent ISIS-inspired atrocities.
Subtitles claim previous'mujahideen' managed to carry out attacks with 'less resources' than what ISIS currently has.
In broken English, it goes on: 'By Allah's willing, the fear will spread among them again soon'
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy.
A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.
Researchers used the European Space Agency's INTErnational Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory to discover a new X-ray source near the center of the globular cluster NGC 6388.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were featured in Hillary Clinton's video announcing her 2016 White House bid.
The pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year.
Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'
Aston Villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club.
Tim Sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances.
Villa won the European Cup in 1982.
The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere and contributes to global warming.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat.
While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
'I'm not into all this,' a woman named Darlene says of that app.
Meanwhile, another confused woman named Vera calls the app 'Snapchess'
Barnet clinched a return to the Football League on Saturday following a two-year absence.
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute.
Vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, are back to taking on plastic surgery gone wrong.
The doctors spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show.
Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with 'cement' at an underground cosmetic filler
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground.
City have lost just three times in the Premier League this season.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over alleged domestic violence.
The 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online.
He was eventually arrested in November in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks.
But after spending less than five months behind bars since his arrest, the father of one has already been released.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson died in the early hours of Sunday.
Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital.
Steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder.
Manchester City have increased season ticket prices by 283 per cent.
The Premier League champions have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans.
Some disabled fans say they are 'disgusted' with the club.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga on Monday night.
Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season.
Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side.
John Carver would walk away from Newcastle if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment.
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
Number of Christians in US will decline from three quarters in 2010 to two thirds in 2050, researchers claim.
Percentage of atheists across globe expected to fall across same time frame.
Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070, according to Pew Research Center.
By 2050, there will be 2.8billion Muslims and 2.9billion Christians, it is estimated.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31.
McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
The legal writing professor, who earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School, writes that she was sure she had lost her 'dignity forever'
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol.
This is the first time that this side effect has been discovered.
Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
But this study shows that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit.
Williams previously played for the Hamiltons club in Cape Town.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey.
He sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil over a period of months.
School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
National Union of Teachers appeared to play down seriousness of his conduct.
Peter Fox, 26, is believed to have fled to London following the deaths.
His mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle, Merseyside.
Police are appealing for the public's help to track down Mr Fox.
He is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short, dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is Britain's oldest serving prison.
He was jailed for 18 months for the historic sexual abuse of two girls.
Pinsard claimed he was himself abused at a Jersey children's home.
The father-of-four first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.
Judge branded the historic case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant'
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015.
He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final of the show.
His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he could be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule.
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012.
The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to.
Rose wrote about her Hurricane Sandy experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm and how reading helped her cope.
Man in his 70s shot and wounded his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer.
He barricaded himself into his home in Zaragoza, north-eastern Spain.
After a night of failed negotiations, armed police stormed house this morning.
Man yelled 'enter if you have the balls' before intense firefight ensued.
A new study of Australians' spending habits reveals that 1.2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
17 per cent will hide their credit card spending, versus 14 per cent of men.
Generational Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories.
Nico Rosberg has described Ferrari's pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying'
The Mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs.
Rosberg trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it.
The eight-year-old had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
She chose Colbie Caillat's Try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year.
There are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the Premier League.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the championship.
Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink.
Even Aston Villa and West Brom are not quite out of the dogfight.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help.
The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight.
On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find and return around 220 missing schoolgirls to their families.
Almost 300 girls were taken away in trucks on the night of April 14 to 15 2014.
They were forced to convert to Islam and marry group members.
The attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called '#bringbackourgirls'
But more than 200 are still missing after others were freed or killed.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong.
Since the 1950s, doctors and midwives have clamped the cord.
They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby.
Ms Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood.
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in mid-March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room.
They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run.
His lawyers say the arrest was timed to mesh with the finale of The Jinx, HBO's six-part series about Durst.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC's 7.30 program.
Mr Andrews said Australian troops will not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle.
The Federal Government announced 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq.
This is a stark contrast with deployments over the past decade when troops conducted sweeping patrols across southern Iraq.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday.
James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored for the visitors.
Ronny Deila was impressed with his side's performance.
Mark Doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss.
He gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals’ sense of smell.
After six months of training, four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess went to work.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly.
Household incomes can influence which social network children use.
Instagram and Snapchat are popular with children from wealthier families.
Study by Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal.
By plugging the data into a computer model, they simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent.
Baby was found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham, yesterday.
She was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Man, 25, and woman, 22, arrested on suspicion of murder.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate.
The pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away.
Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
Alleged victim reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex.
Martynas Kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics.
The 26-year-old spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison.
Staff told him he was free to go in August 2014 and he was released.
He posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on his Facebook page.
It was only when the prison bus arrived at the court that officials realised a mistake had been made.
The 34-year-old reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May.
Gilt.comoffered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon.
In addition to bearing the selfie queen's signature, the special versions, which retailed for $60 per book, also came complete with a special cover featuring a bikini-clad image of the star.
Pets watch 21 hours of TV of week, according to a new study.
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals.
They even leave it on when they are out to keep them company.
Pets’ favourite show is TV presenter Paul O’Grady’s For The Love Of Dogs.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement on Tuesday.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said in the statement.
Wilson is also known as the mother of Marnie, played by Allison Williams, in HBO's 'Girls'
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man.
She and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky.
Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.
Doherty has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers escaped unharmed.
The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west.
Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool.
Police are using social media to implore drivers to slow down and drive carefully over the Easter holiday break.
Jackson Byrnes must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery.
The 18-year-old and his family found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation.
After seven days of desperate campaigning through Facebook and the crowd funding page GoFundMe, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal.
In seven days, over $47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.
Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
The winning punter comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales.
He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win.
Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011.
Lucy Southern worked for Britannia Hotels in Leeds and claims she was groped.
She was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings.
In October Alex Nkoroi began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her.
Tribunal awarded her £19,500 in compensation for injury to her feelings.
Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time.
The latest study gets to the root of this spread, and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint.
The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade.
She was confronted by police before she was shot and killed.
In
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day.
The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years.
'The army is here, we are here. It will be okay,' he said.
Mr Guven has been protecting Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler.
Robert Mugabe arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, for state visit today.
He appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings.
But it was apparent that the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him.
The comical image emerged amid claims the president is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
Attorney General Eric Holder bid farewell to the Justice Department on Friday after six years.
Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay.
The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone.
BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia.
Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt.
Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head.
Game could have cost as much as £20,000, but the BBC insist it was made in-house.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people.
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly.
Mr Farage said that when he goes into 'black parts' of London he gets a warm reception.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis.
He realized that he had far more female subjects than male.
After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls.
Salty Girls aims to bring hope to children and teens with the disease.
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week.
It has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed.
The SES is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts.
Early indicators show an east coast low could hit the region.
Heavy rain could hit from Thursday through to Saturday.
The incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises.
They are all reported to be in a stable condition.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Liverpool.
Arsenal may pull out of the running to sign the Liverpool winger.
Sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide.
Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy.
Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning.
The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim.
It also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control.
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Newcastle.
Arsene Wenger has spoken to Ozil about the incident.
Wenger insists he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Lewis Hamilton said he stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party back in 2008.
The Briton wanted to introduce himself to Will Smith when the incident happened.
Hamilton said the incident occurred at the event in London.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week.
The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead.
Compton's wife, Barbara, and parents Peter and Eli won't be tuning in this year.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season.
The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void created by Steven Gerrard's departure.
Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years.
It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin.
The stadium was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium.
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley, Lancashire.
Father-of-six needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body.
He is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with aggravated burglary and GBH.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner.
Liverpool will go on to a semi-final date with Aston Villa.
Shona Banda, 37, has lost custody of her 11-year-old son at least temporarily.
She could face possible charges following comments the boy made during an anti-drug education program at school.
Banda is the author of a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
Neil Tuckett, 58, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one Model T a week.
He says his customers love the Model T because they don't need road tax.
They don't require road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain.
Some of his pre-1915 models have gas headlights still lit by a match.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may play in holding midfield role against Chelsea.
Tim Sherwood threw his gilet to the ground in celebration after Christian Benteke equalised for QPR.
Matt Phillips gave Aston Villa the lead after seven minutes with a cross on the end of Bobby Zamora's cross.
Charlie Austin equalised just after half-time to make it 2-2 at Villa Park.
Benteke scored his seventh Premier League goal of the season with a free-kick.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW.
Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton.
A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast.
The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format.
Flintoff has thrown his weight behind his former England team-mate Alastair Cook with the West Indies series ongoing.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Oscar was substituted at half time but Jose Mourinho insists he is not struggling.
Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite their decline.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of several house representatives who are creating a 'Family Defender Toolkit'
The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies.
Critics of the toolkit claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants.
Peter Alliss said gender equality laws have 'b*****ed up the game'
Veteran broadcaster also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage.
Alliss said the Ladies Golf Union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway in 1997.
The castle, reputed to have been used by John Knox as a hiding place, is on the market for £695,000.
But despite that, Janet, 60, and John, 64, insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
The Brennan's bought the fortress in 1997 and spent four years getting planning permission and two years carrying out the renovation.
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results.
Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions.
Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad.
Brazilian website claims to have new Chelsea kit for sale.
It can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back.
The kit has the new sponsor on the front but not the Adidas emblem.
Bale has struggled at Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
John Zelepos, 48, of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.
The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
Prosecutors said he's agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties.
The 12-cabin-high structure is 130 miles from Anchorage.
It was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
The house was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat.
City are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has played in various positions this season under Brendan Rodgers.
He has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool.
Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles.
His offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride.
It raised £1,388,863 for the Dorset-based charity.
They will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for Puma.
The South American duo battle it out in a cage style match.
Falcao scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2.
United travel to Old Trafford looking to secure a Champions League place.
Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City.
Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
The ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus.
The incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places.
Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Button was given a five-second penalty after the race.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji.
Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures.
Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno.
Sharon Wood listened intently as details of how they were killed were outlined.
Christianne Shepherd, seven, and her brother Robert, six, were overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler.
Their father Neil Shepherd and his partner Ruth Beatson fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning by a maid.
The couple recovered after emergency treatment.
Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day'
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool.
The Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba.
Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers.
Chelsea Clinton defended her family philanthropy on Thursday in New York, calling it 'among the most transparent of foundations'
The Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department.
Hillary Clinton was helping approve Russia's purchase of US uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal.
The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million.
The property, called 'Alkira,' features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots.
It was designed by Port Douglas architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014.
Although resembling a spaceship, it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the 'One Pound Jimmy' Stamp.
James Tingley, 70, was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday.
Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
His crimes span a period of 50 years.
EasyJet and BA among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights.
Strike will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours.
Experts fear up to half of all flights between UK and France could be axed.
Ryanair is cancelling more than 250 flights with more likely.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Brendan Rodgers says his sides recent defeats are down to his players' own failings.
The Reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Barclays Premier League run.
Liverpool host Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti.
Obi Okeke insisted the car was to be delivered in 12 hours.
The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later.
Mayweather's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao is just three weeks away.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope.
They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.
A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.
The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Lightning is a highly unpredictable natural phenomenon that inflicts damage to infrastructure.
Nigella Lawson will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for the first time in three years.
The show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
It will mark Nigella's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and the explosive court case.
She was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo, 42, was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory.
Giffo, who is based in Latina, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by a solar storm.
She has a particular affinity with the night sky - and not just the spectacular Aurora Borealis but locations in her country too.
Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's.
The 26-year-old found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right.
She then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club.
Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer.
The Welshman made a record 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career, which stretched to 25 years.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, claimed in an interview this week that her nephew had been wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. conspiracy.
Bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded.
The family members could offer no evidence to back up their allegations.
Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex.
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study.
Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins.
Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.
For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered, remains to be seen.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect.
Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
The 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'
Andras Janos Vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
He groomed fellow Hungarians online then kept them captive in New York City and Miami.
Vass took their travel documents, threatened their families, and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work, prosecutors said.
Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled.
It was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945, and was burned to the ground shortly after.
Photographs were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it.
He is proud that his great-grandfather was brave enough to take the pictures, so future generations do not forget what happened.
Melissa Borg has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home since last Thursday.
The 13-year-old left home at 7:30am and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills.
Her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work.
Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa's family with the investigation into her disappearance.
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados.
England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio.
Robshaw's worst fears were realised earlier this month.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night.
Ben Flower returned to action after serving six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia.
Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis.
A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
She endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression.
Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940.
It was transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops.
The boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral.
Volunteers are now hoping to take Massey Shaw back to the beaches next month.
Aaron Stringer, of Bakersfield, California, Police Department, accused of 'tickling' feet.
He allegedly ran fingers along soles of feet of Ramiro James Villegas, 22.
Villegas was shot dead by police on November 13 after a car chase.
Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from department since November.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York.
Authorities believe she murdered her husband but have not commented on what led to his death or how she allegedly carried out the murder.
Mrs Mess was charged with second-degree murder and has been arraigned.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.
Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Tiger Woods has played just three tournaments so far this year.
The 14-time major winner took a break to offer Yao Ming a golfing lesson.
Woods has confirmed he will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 win against Granada.
The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season.
In Italy, Juventus beat Fiorentina 3-0 in Coppa Italia semi-final second leg.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday.
Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals by Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling.
The England number one has given up on knocking Arsenal out of second place.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate.
The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart and her husband, Joseph Naaman.
They said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly that Felix was able to get out and run away.
Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists' to find the cat.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water.
Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped.
It has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact'
But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
The watch has 'high performance' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case.
In the US owners will have to pay repairs fees of $229, $329 and $2,800 for the Sport, Watch and Edition models respectively.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray.
Incident occurred after QPR drew 3-3 with Burnley at Loftus Road last year.
Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6.
The quartet later moved up along Kings Street where further violence took place.
Hours of CCTV were carefully in a bid to identify those responsible.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool.
She was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom.
But as the rhyme continues, her eyes begin to fill with tears.
As she gets to the penultimate verse, she starts to sob with her arm across her face.
At the end of the clip Rilie leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands.
He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday.
Police Scotland said they had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker.
They believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone, despite 70mph winds and rain.
The 44-year-old from Oldham had just returned from Algeria.
He wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday.
Great Manchester Police Chadderton division tweeted the anecdote.
There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment.
Neil Robertson beat Jamie Jones 10-2 at The Crucible in Sheffield.
The 2010 champion has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
Robertson believes it will help him fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport's major crowns.
Blackpool fans have rallied round a pensioner sued by the Oyston family.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the club.
Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000 in under three days.
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League table.
Ashley Young believes the club will be challenging for the title next season.
The 29-year-old has played a prominent role under Louis van Gaal.
Young has praised Van Gaal's managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club.
Lord Tebbit has hit out at David Cameron for not being a'real man'
The former Tory party chairman said Mr Cameron had never had a 'proper job'
He also criticised Mr Cameron's tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government.
He suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal against Malaga.
The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line.
Torres has scored just four goals for Atletico Madrid since January.
Rio Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of October.
The 36-year-old defender has been suspended, benched or out of the squad.
Ferdinand also won 81 caps for England during his glittering career.
QPR find themselves two points from safety after their 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast on Saturday.
Piper died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.
They were travelling with their mother, Chantelle Boddy, grandmother Helen Boddy and elder brother Daniel, 12.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred.
The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Warwick Milham arrived at the scene after hearing his wife, Glenda, and
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008.
He is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm.
But the firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
The fine came on top of some £40million it is paying in refunds to thousands of wronged customers who took out the policies.
Manny Pacquiao and his team made the 270-mile journey from Los Angeles to Las Vegas on Monday night.
The Filipino star had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym.
Boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come May 2.
Floyd Mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled Boxing Club in Las Vegas.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to stop Marouane Fellaini from continuing his good form.
Jose Mourinho described the game as a '10 against 10' clash.
Zouma also played in midfield at West Ham and in the Capital One Cup final against Tottenham.
Chelsea host QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand.
Steven Gerrard is set to feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final.
Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Gerrard has had upon him.
Skrtel believes Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world.
Gerrard will sign off his Anfield career in the final on May 30.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs.
Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Walmart has not yet requested any building or city plumbing permits, according to employees and city officials.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where one in 10 homes are vacant.
The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
Lib Dem plan, launched in Cornwall today, would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and other services which can become unviable without sufficient permanent residents.
Dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a Rio de Janeiro lake.
The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon is scheduled to hold Olympic rowing competitions.
Officials say the recent problems are the result of rain.
Previous fish die-offs in the lake have been blamed on pollution.
Jamaican sprinter said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food.
The 28-year-old said that he needs to be 'perfect in training'
Bolt admitted eating a McDonald's wrap on the morning of the race.
He also consumed 1,000 McNuggets as he set three world records.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window.
Six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests near Johannesburg.
In the latest show of violence around 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks.
South African police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse the crowds.
Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in Rio de Janeiro.
The 40-year-old Brazilian is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests.
Silva is considered one of the best pound-for-pound mixed martial arts fighters in the history of the sport.
Manny Pacquiao's last conference call was pulled on Wednesday.
Bob Arum ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines.
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2.
Deputies are filmed chasing after Harris, first by car then on foot.
They tackle him to ground and order him to lie on his stomach.
Robert Bates, 73, then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but pulls trigger.
After firing one round into Harris, he drops gun from recoil.
Harris then starts yelping on ground, while pleading for help.
Farhina Touseef is the subject of Channel 4's Unreported World.
She is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through Taliban strongholds offering free vaccines to parents.
The Taliban, a Islamic fundamentalist political movement, was toppled from power after the US-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001.
It is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women.
There have been 322 cases of polio across the country in the last two years.
Juan Mata has revealed Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016.
Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted the lid on England captain Rooney's bullish attitude.
Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania at Wembley last week.
Mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the Spain squad.
The three men, who are in their 50s, were questioned over night by police.
Miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009.
Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work.
Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s in connection with her murder.
He remains on police bail while proceedings in the case remain active.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria.
It is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world.
Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana.
Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton.
Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured with kids.
The Prime Minister isn't the only politician who elicits funny reactions.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived.
This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal.
He said it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping sanctions.
If they are found to be in violation of the terms, the sanctions will be put back in place.
It prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by Western powers until a better deal is achieved.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
The ice breakers on the scene include the US Coast Guard cutter Alder – the largest US icebreaker.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard.
Mark McCall's side are favourites to reach the European Cup final.
Maro Itoje has been named to start at blindside flanker.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria.
The exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
Linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km)
Chad Geyen, 45, of Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Geyen was first reported missing on Saturday night, having been out on bail since he was first charged in November 2013.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists.
The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video.
Knight, a former LAPD officer, went after Mike, telling him, 'If you touch me again, I'll drop your a**'
He was one of 75 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking Obama's immigration reform.
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'
His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford.
The Tory minister said the authorities had to 'get to the bottom of this'
The Wakē alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.
The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually.
It uses a white LED to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up, with the aim of making them feel alert faster.
Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan.
It shut down three train lines in both directions.
Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway.
The break also affected things at street level, where seas of city water threatened businesses and snarled city traffic.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1.
Louis van Gaal admitted he was so pleased with Herrera's first goal, he kissed him at the interval.
United moved above local rivals Manchester City and into third on 62 points.
A new report has shown that truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs.
Police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry.
One in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road.
Truck drivers are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.
The shocking footage shows that many drivers are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day.
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay.
There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain.
United would demand £30m if Real Madrid try to sign him this summer.
Steve Webb said over-55s 'don't have to rush this'
He insisted there was 'a case for waiting and seeing'
Pensions Freedom Day finally arrived today.
Pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side were found in a skip.
The skip was situated outside St James' Park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move.
Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nobby Solano and Shay Given are some of the legends who are included in the photos.
Newcastle have never been the same since Sir Bobby left the club.
Unnamed man was gored in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca.
He was sprinting ahead of the animal, trying to make it to safety behind a set of iron bars.
But despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns.
The man was seen limping away to be tended by medical crews, but was unharmed.
Two rare paintings used to plan filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.
One of the stunning watercolours went for £25,000 while the other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold.
Both paintings were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming of the 1939 Hollywood classic began.
Danny Welbeck was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday.
Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
Brendan Rodgers' side thrashed the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday.
#SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's Dreamliner 787 routes.
Customers will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
The app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla.
Real Madrid are just two points off in second place in La Liga.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Lazio and Roma are locked in a battle for automatic qualification.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute.
Nemanja Matic and Ramires also scored for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, was arrested after deputies found he had a small alligator inside his Florida home.
He had found the injured gator and given it to his son to nurse back to health.
It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
It caused chaos on city streets, but forced about 100,000 residents to stay indoors.
Heavy rain associated with the storm also caused electricity cuts and damage to buildings.
Work and Pensions Secretary blasts Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'
Says Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot'
Set out powerful moral case for party's policies which have reduced welfare dependency.
Calls on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion achievements.
Hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at record high.
Louise Van Ryn fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed.
Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences.
The wealthy NSW businessman is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off debts.
He is undergoing a chemical castration treatment while in custody.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court that she is scared for her future relationships.
She said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway.
Locals in the area were shocked to learn the location had been rented out.
In the opening scene of the pornographic film a young woman dressed as a school girl walks along the clearly recognisable train station platform.
The storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to one of the attraction's wooden-panelled train carriages.
Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000.
Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the kidnapping of Denise Huskins says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity.
In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English'
This comes just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents'
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date.
He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Sussex Police accused of 'victim-blaming' in its campaign.
It urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers.
Women's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks.
But supporters said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength.
Call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean.
Hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005.
He left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John.
John will visit his family in the coming weeks, including his father.
Emile Heskey, Eidur Gudjohnsen and Adam Bogdan have signed new contracts.
Heskey has contributed just one goal in nine Championship starts.
Gudjohnson has found the net five times in the Championship this season.
Bolton have also fined midfielders Barry Bannan and Neil Danns two weeks wages.
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her son despite a judge's order to appear in court and to allow the circumcision favored by the child's father, Dennis Nebus, to go forward, has filed a civil rights lawsuit.
Stephen James Hendry, 24, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt.
This week, he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes.
Hendry says while fame has happened quickly he plans to just run with it and look back later.
Kevin Blandford, 33, from Louisville, Kentucky, won a free trip to Puerto Rico.
But his wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home.
Amusing photos show Kevin looking sad on the plane, in the sea and while sipping drinks in the sunshine.
The photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website Imgur.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns.
Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
He then made the near fatal mistake of getting into the car and lighting his cigarette, thereby igniting the alchol and setting himself on fire.
The dog has the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter.
It also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
More than a third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat.
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died.
Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30.
She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her.
Ms Tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Health Minister Kim Hames defended FSH doctors' treatment of Ms Tabram.
Taliban propaganda release lavished praise on Mullah Omar in celebration of his 19th year as leader.
Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently.
Some insurgents expressing disaffection with one-eyed warrior-cleric.
Biography described him as being actively involved in 'jihadi activities'
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012.
But the pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31.
Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead early in the second half.
Graham Dorrans sealed the tie with a late penalty.
Norwich are now one step closer to the Premier League.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election.
West Mercia Police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
It bans Election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
The raven-haired teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing.
Her exact dress is still up for grabs at Nordstrom for $315- just click right to make it yours in time for your next night on the tiles.
Dan Bilzerian forced into making film to avoid jail after being arrested.
He was accused of placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them.
Film shows him speaking from behind a desk in lavish home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder and action figurine.
Bilzerian says: 'As an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules'
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, was arrested in the 13th arrondissement of Paris.
He had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers.
Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home.
Also found evidence he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church'
Arrest came just hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33.
She was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in Paris suburb.
Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder.
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Lennon in the time he has left.
Lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season.
Martinez also praised the attacking talents of Kevin Mirallas.
Courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with the same disease that killed her brother Jordan.
Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer returned in 2009.
She had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time.
But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition.
Now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding.
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening.
He is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Pope Francis washed and kissed the feet of a former Miss Italy contestant who was jailed after stealing her wealthy friends' credit cards.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from her family's Hong Kong flat this week.
Her father Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment'
Police are investigating whether her birth and that of her sister were ever registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 0-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan.
The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner's report.
Jose Mourinho refused to be drawn into the controversy.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George & the Culture Club's Facebook page.
The 34-year-old striker is sidelined by a groin injury.
Keane was in the crowd alongside former Galaxy pin-up David Beckham.
Gary Teale hit back at Ronny Deila's criticism of the St Mirren Park pitch.
Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible'
Teale insists the Norwegian's criticism was unjustified and unfair.
Delta Air Lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease.
The new pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends.
It is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports.
Delta has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball.
At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis.
But a potent strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is wrecking havoc.
Drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country.
Farmers in Swaziland have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination.
It can now yield double the crop they once could annually.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop.
Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background.
'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Peter Tait, headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset, said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education.
He said parents should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally.
Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child.
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a North American zoo.
The bear is believed to be called Cheyenne and appears to try and bite him.
At one point the boy tells his family 'he wants me to get in there'
But despite the distractions of a young girl and the video maker, the bear swims after him.
The WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.
The fruitcake has been home-made by two WI star bakers.
Some of the ingredients were donated by companies including Dairy Crest, Diageo and Whitworths.
Under the Hall’s booking conditions, extra fees are liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted inside the building.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium.
Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for Roy Hodgson's side.
Andros Townsend equalised for the Three Lions at half-time.
Rooney said he and the rest of the England squad were upset.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street.
Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
He was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment.
Jamelia aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She said that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'
Now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments.
Alice Dogruyol, Founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves, believes that Jamelia’s message to women is incredibly disturbing.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks.
Experts said a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
Sydney duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page.
It was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week.
'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read.
The band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue, including those who did not agree.
Manchester City are planning a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling.
The reigning Premier League champions have made the Liverpool forward a primary target this summer.
Liverpool value Sterling at around £50million, a fee that City can certain afford.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could.
But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night.
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced, while around a dozen people were injured.
Seeing the
Lyon returned to the top of the Ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw against Saint-Etienne on Sunday night.
Clinton N'Jie gave his side the lead in the first half before Lindsay Rose saw red for Hubert Fournier's high flyers.
Max Gradel converted from the spot to level matters.
Lille kept themselves within sight of fourth place after beating Bordeaux 2-0.
Andrea Furlan was captured on camera standing in front of a river in Stratford.
He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune.
Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and begins walking towards the river.
Other cows lift their head from the ground and look in the direction of the sound.
The herd then stand and enjoy the music for some time while Andrea serenades them with his hand-made instrument.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace on Easter Sunday.
She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday.
Ms Scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
They fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was'so freakin excited'
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America.
Keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles.
He only sign up for cards with high sign-up bonuses and relatively low spending thresholds necessary to get those.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne.
He warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States.
'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline.
Khamenei tweeted his dismissal of what the White House claimed Tehran had agreed to.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January.
Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma.
Bogard has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft.
Dr Joe Hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.
He revealed that a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen.
This human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
When written out in full, the human molecule would read: Co1 Mo3 Se4 Cr7 F13 Mn13 I14 Cu76 Zn2,110 Fe2,680 Si38,600 Mg40,000.
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio.
On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
Police have since charged Taylor with a first-degree misdemeanor charge of falsification.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time.
The married mother-of-three was arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them.
Dufresna and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in the same parish in September.
They allegedly had a three-way encounter with the student after a high school football game in September, and that is the incident they await arraignment
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the deadly medicine and injected it.
She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed.
Paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital.
But Charlotte died from the effects of the drug, an inquest heard.
Pauline Bruce and her son were terrorised by their neighbour for seven years.
Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.
The couple moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow, Shropshire, following Tony's retirement in 2002.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history.
They have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with BT.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall.
Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and a Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Steven Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers.
Gerrard looked confused by the various roles given to him by Rodgers.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon.
Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece for the home side.
Stuart McCall's side remain level on 61 points with Hibs.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week.
These techniques may appear weird to some - like the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees - but these Californians maintain it's the inevitable future of water conservation.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, was on second date at sushi restaurant in East Village.
He was declared missing following gas explosion and building collapse last month.
His mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse.
Father, Nixon, said: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken'
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger.
Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind off Chris Jordan.
Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers.
FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns.
Can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands?
Gareth Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country for Wales.
The Welshman returns to Real Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel.
Real take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday in an early 11am kick-off.
Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with cystic fibrosis.
The 26-year-old hooker has earned four international caps for Australia.
Charles took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling with his illness.
He is in with an outside chance of making Michael Chieka's World Cup squad.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre.
She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran.
The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Lawyer John Lawrence will lodge an injunction in the Federal Court against the Department in an attempt to block the family's return
Aidan Fraley, 16, says his father's killer should have never been on a police force.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter.
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures.
And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic.
In particular, they claim the eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions.
The amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the
Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man.
Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve Leicester's slim chance of Premier League survival.
Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the clash on Saturday.
Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California.
It is believed the pet was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
Kristy Keusch from Umbrella of Hope is now caring for the dog.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog.
The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0.
Ozil is now setting his sights on the Premier League encounter with Liverpool.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Usually, Apple launches generate long lines outside stores.
But analysts believe the company feared the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland.
Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Mr Berdalis said: 'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones"
Omar Hallak, principal of Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running.
Former teachers claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that he is discriminating against female students.
The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students at his school that Islamic State was not 'created' by Muslims, but rather a plot against them by the West.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways.
The pair announced in December that they would work together.
Radwansa is only 13-11 this season, including a first-round loss in Stuttgart.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona.
It will study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman.
Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated.
Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation.
Once inside the residence, officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of Ben Cousins.
Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player.
The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed to Daily Mail Australia an internal investigation is underway.
Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code, which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $
Sanjay Chaddah, 43, claimed Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i'
But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Chaddah was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
Fans group AshleyOut.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
The protest also plans to target Ashley's Sports Direct stores.
Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month.
The account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
The plates artistically manufactured, but they come with equally pretentious captions.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126.
Ding Junhui beat Mark Davis 5-1 to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams.
Former world champion Shaun Murphy came from 3-2 down to see off Anthony McGill 5-4.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich.
The French winger says his relationship with the Dutchman was 'poisoned'
Ribery claims Real Madrid tried to sign him in 2009, only to be persuaded to stay in Germany after being told he was as important to Bayern as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists.
Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues.
Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million.
Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes.
They are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
Another resident, who enjoys the enormous lots on the island, includes Colombian Jaime Galinski, who has only recently been added to the world billionaires list.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
His mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Leeds' sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role.
The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended.
Cellino has been banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Two residents from the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan told the New York Post of their experiences with spirits in the building.
Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle, Central Park and Lincoln Center.
The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge.
His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history.
The gold Irish Freedom Box was given to the aristocrat in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Mikel Arteta is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
The Spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem.
Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension.
Arsene Wenger is keen to retain the services of Arteta.
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts.
But instead she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
By the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of £78,000.
She was jailed for 20 months at Newcastle Crown Court for three charges of fraud.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel Monday, April 13.
It dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Each natural or man-made occurrence is deconstructed with graphics.
The show also reveals incredible moments of escape and rescue.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside.
His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive.
But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Sir Bruce Forsyth said people should not be 'left to suffer'
Veteran entertainer said it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than let someone die.
Sir Bruce's first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home in 2008.
He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
The 87-year-old said he would like the right to end his life 'with dignity left'
Jacques Burger has been cited for alleged foul play.
Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud.
Saracens won 12-11 in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Barney Gibson has retired from cricket four years after his debut.
The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from cricket.
Yorkshire's director of cricket development Ian Dews wishes Barney well.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper.
It was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which the One Direction star has been seen partying hard.
That same day he was photographed returning to his London hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water.
Latest blow to boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band.
Manchester City take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table.
City have held the edge over United in recent contests.
A win would see them become the first club to beat United five times in a row in the Premier League.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour.
The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin.
Authorities are currently determining whether alcohol or drugs were a factor in her behavior.
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National at Aintree this week.
The 40-year-old from County Antrim has been bidding his farewells.
McCoy won the Grand National on Don't Push It in 2010.
Aintree will line the parade ring with banners from AP's 20 Grand Nationals.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion.
Within an hour the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists had vanished.
The couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area.
In the last 200 years, Australia has lost over 10% of its native mammals.
App, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own.
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15.
Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting.
But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties.
It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles.
Joe Anderson, 56, campaigned against austerity while being paid £80,000.
He claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School, Merseyside.
But when it stopped payments in 2011, he tried to sue them for discrimination.
Claimed he was being punished for 'philosophical belief' in public service.
Mr Anderson rejected employment tribunal ruling against him and took case to appeal.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder.
Hutchings appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today.
He was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree.
He fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion.
It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
Condon has been advised to call time on his career.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments.
The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
Serco was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during Celtic's 2-0 win at St Mirren.
The Celtic striker was on the substitutes bench during the match.
Manager Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in a Copa America warm-up in New Jersey.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Argentina after eight minutes.
Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute.
The match began in a sleet storm and was played in temperatures barely above freezing.
Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at California gas station early on Saturday morning.
Group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched.
The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
The 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai.
Brown was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet.
The five-month-old pup was trained to use the toilet a few weeks ago.
He lifts up the toilet seat and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.
Viewers' reactions have been viewed more than 16,400,000 times.
Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms, snow, hail and 70mph winds on December 15.
A ball of lightning then appeared outside the cockpit and a lightning bolt struck the Saab 2000 plane’s nose, and then travelled the full length of the aircraft before leaving its tail.
The aircraft landed safely in Aberdeen with only minor damage and no injuries.
Andreas Lubitz, 27, crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps.
Investigators have been scouring his computers to determine his state of mind.
Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee.
European safety chiefs had concerns about Germanwings' safety procedures.
Mohammed Khubaib, 43, befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol.
He would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family'
He had 'persistent and almost predatory interest' in teenage girls, trial heard.
Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes.
Was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him.
Also convicted of nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation involving girls.
Steven Howie, 28, left Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries.
He punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault.
The couple were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle.
But the event was cancelled due to bad weather and the pair took a taxi.
When they got back to their room Howie began to shout and swear at Miss Murray.
They heard a male voice saying 'open the door, I'll kill you' and a woman shouting 'go away'
They phoned police who found Howie in the hotel car park, heavily intoxicated
Doug Hughes, 61, landed gyrocopter on West Lawn of U.S. Capitol last week.
He is under house arrest in Ruskin, Florida, awaiting trial for crossing no-fly zone.
On Monday, he called his 80-mile journey to Capitol 'a huge thrill'
He shared footage of flight from Virginia to Washington D.C. and safe landing.
Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of guarded building.
Short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset.
It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes.
The video is based on an actual event when U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water.
Alastair Cook's form with the bat took a turn for the worse on day one.
Graeme Swann's former team-mate pointed out the moment.
Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out.
Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy.
The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer.
Mr Clark spent his £50,000 life savings on contributing to his care.
Now, the council want to move Mr Clark into a care home.
JustGiving has paged more than half of the £5,000 target within a couple of hours.
The charity has already given Mr Clark an emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs.
But they are seeking the public's help to secure his future.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
The alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Martistee is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
Authorities said hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack near Spinnaker Beach Club on Panama City Beach, Florida, in broad daylight during a Spring Break party last
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner’s belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City.
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman.
Sulaiman was joined by former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes.
Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
England drew 1-1 with West Indies in the first Test in Antigua on Friday.
Jimmy Anderson took 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record.
Jason Holder made his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn England a deserved draw.
Anderson has had ups and downs since claiming Mark Vermeulen as his first Test victim 12 years ago at Lord's.
Liverpool are top of the Premier League with six games to go.
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have had their own problems this season.
City have nine points fewer than at this stage last season.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record in June.
The four-time Olympic champion will attempt to ride the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark.
Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5km one-day race on Sunday.
He is expected to set a mark which will last for some time.
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday.
He was joined by Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and Matthew Broadrick.
The quartet were at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies.
Noah's announcement as Jon Stewart's replacement surprized many last month.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Bristol on February 20.
Her body parts were found at house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2.
Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for her murder.
His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police.
Blunder at pensions office in Essen, in North Rhine-Westphalia.
Woman asked for £3,351,978,728,190,661.
The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany.
£3.35 billion is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall.
The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'
Craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego – he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next Bond movie, Spectre.
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke.
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children.
The Rent-a-farmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange.
Cumnock's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on.
Some farmhouses are rundown and in need of renovation, others need a
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month.
But she has faced horrific racial abuse growing up in Japan.
She says she is 'Japanese through and through. I am Japanese - 100 percent'
She has been inspired by Mariah Carey's struggle to get to the top.
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel.
The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident.
Reynolds who is married to actress Blake Lively became the father of a baby girl, James, in December.
James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training.
But evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.
The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano.
The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu.
He has also found the net 60 times in the Champions League for the club.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams.
The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus.
Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin gave Arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot curling effort.
Olivier Giroud ended any hopes of a Liverpool comeback by smashing in a fantastic fourth for Arsenal in stoppage time.
Wenger has his sights set on getting as close to Chelsea as possible.
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s.
They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago.
The Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car.
Harvard claims the man, Steven Sutton, 36, of Pittsburgh, confronted him in the driveway of his home in Springdale, Pennsylvania.
The two men started fighting over the fact that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home, Harvard claims.
Experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable.
Australian dietician Susie Burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain.
But says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely.
This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your daily diet.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic from Liverpool.
The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo.
But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Young Brown also has a brother called Rivaldo, after the former Barcelona and AC Milan player.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning.
The 58-year-old was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks near an Illinois train station.
She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Her car was located in a parking lot near the station in Swansea.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life, David Elliot, in November 2015.
She was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
The 31-year-old said she wasn't able to buy the $2,000 dress outright so she organised a payment plan with ‘The Bridal Centre’
She started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations.
Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the
Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night.
Strong winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester airport.
Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled.
Police were first called to tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off'
Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham on February 7.
Arsene Wenger's side are now just seven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Arsenal take on relegation-threatened Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday.
Gunners hold record for most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games in 2002.
Father reveals his daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying drugs.
He has written an open letter to South Gloucestershire Council pleading for action.
Father, only known as John, has called on council to do more to tackle drug dealing in its schools.
Robbie Williams has ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension.
The 41-year-old singer angered Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals.
He wanted to build a new one in an underground extension but has since backtracked.
Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night.
The 26-year-old went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years.
Her sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in Ms Scott's memory.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters.
More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Stephanie Scott on social media as the nation mourns
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday.
The official attendance of 47,427 is understood to include many season ticket holders who did not attend.
Protesters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a Liverpool target.
The 22-year-old has racked up over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and even Sevilla.
He has also impressed at the FIFA Under-20 World Cup with France.
Liverpool are the main Premier League interest in the midfielder.
Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg.
Halsey said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
The final between Aston Villa and Arsenal will take place on May 30.
A man has been rescued twice from Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour.
Paramedics were called to the scene after receiving a report that a person had entered the water.
The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers.
But before they could wrap him in a foil blanket, the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards into the water again.
Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday.
FEMAIL have asked the experts to advise what tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods, from seafood and lamb, to traditional Easter treats.
The wine pairings range from budget options to mid-range and high-end.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
He wants to oversee the development of a squad lacking in top-flight experience.
West Ham starting XI included six summer signings.
Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before.
The woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda.
The teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia.
But a passer-by produced a gun and fired a shot.
A manhunt has been launched to find three alleged accomplices.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago.
She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts.
At just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight and weighed 9.5st.
The 27-year-old, from Tamworth, Staffordshire, was ordered to go to the gym.
There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
Harry Redknapp resigned as Queens Park Rangers manager in February.
The 68-year-old turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.
Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31.
He will lead a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
Authorities said the body of Barway Edwin Collins, 10, was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
Pierre Collins, who has said he is innocent, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident, but authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country.
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire.
Anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
He has been charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer in Thursday's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16.
Simeone believes there are no English clubs left in Europe this season.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night.
The Manchester middleweight hopes to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career.
Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House.
It has been replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags.
The move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere'
But it provoked fury from heritage experts who branded the move'misguided'
A woman who boarded the driver's bus in Ozone Park, Queens, recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road.
The driver has been taken out of passenger service while the agency investigates, and could face possible penalties including termination or retraining depending on his work history.
New York City adopted new laws last year as part of an effort to eliminate traffic accidents.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track.
His father Michael has won the Formula 1 championship seven times.
Schumacher's father is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in Switzerland.
Ricky Gervais tweeted picture of Extreme Huntress winner Rebecca Francis.
Grandmother-of-nine, who won in 2010, is passionate about hunting.
She regularly posts pictures of her kills on her Twitter feed.
Gervais has led online charge against 'trophy hunters'
'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?' he tweeted.
Mend said to have boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' when country goes to polls.
Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
It has bragged that it is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
Sydney-sider Steve York used HomeCamp to connect with Rose Smith and let her stay in his backyard for three nights.
There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website.
Chris Smalling has joined Twitter just days before Manchester City clash.
The 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best centre backs in England.
United team-mate Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world.
Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep.
Mayweather's £300million showdown with Manny Pacquiao could be a dud.
One in six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change, scientists claim.
The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand.
Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction.
They studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions.
If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2 per cent.
But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine.
His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
Dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon.
Pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on London-bound track.
Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday.
The former Barcelona midfielder also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the Champions League.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas can equal Xavi's total if he faces Atletico on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi for knockout stage appearances if he features against Atletico.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
John Terry scored the only goal of the game after a scramble in the box.
Jose Mourinho's side are 13 points ahead of second in the Premier League.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
'John' posted advert in window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill.
It reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality'
It has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract.
Lesbians4Hillary co-chaired by tennis great Billie Jean King.
King helped run Clinton's 2008 Women for Hillary Clinton wing.
She said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion'
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning.
He risked the wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same'
Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old club on Friday.
The 25-year-old presented some members with replica United jerseys.
Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was named national champion for his age group.
Manchester City host United in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice were joined by the Queen at Windsor for an Easter Sunday service.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes, while Beatrice, 26, opted for an unusual blue creation.
With them was Autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the Queen’s grandson Peter Phillips.
Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Australian families take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one.
They grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets.
Samantha Wills welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.
The adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events
Lewis Hamilton qualified on pole for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
'Rolling Stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally,' she wrote.
The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash.
Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph.
She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit.
Hagon had already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003.
He had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice legal limit.
Judge David Turner branded his driving'madness' and accused him of changing Miss McIntyre's life for the worse for ever.
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday.
He was flanked by his lawyer and family members and took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
'I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said as he became emotional.
The 1904 Victorian build in Bay Area will be sold at a live auction.
Realtors have priced the property at a cool $2.5 million.
The remains were removed from the house on April 4.
They are believed to be that of Anna Ragin, 65, who lived with her daughter Carolyn, a hoarder.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home.
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed.
The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun.
Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
The 24-year-old came off the bench to spark into life.
Griffiths has scored 15 goals in all competitions this season.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
The defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate.
Bennett will come face-to-face with Russell Wilson on Sunday.
Gary Hooper scored a stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion in the Sky Bet Championship.
Former Celtic star Hooper came off the bench to score the winner.
Norwich remain second in the Championship after drawing 1-1 with Bolton.
David and Samantha Cameron were 'falling apart' with pressure of caring for son.
Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder.
Left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits.
He died aged six in 2009.
Mr Cameron took a break from the campaign trail yesterday to feed a newborn lamb.
Mrs Cameron said: 'It changes your life for ever. It's tough, lonely and isolating'
A 50-year-old man will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges.
Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday.
The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder.
He was also charged with enter dwelling with intent, contravention of a domestic violence order, driving whilst disqualified, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle and attempted arson.
John Wild was found guilty of racially abusing Jason Brown in October.
The 32-year-old welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies after he felt they 'did nothing about it'
Kick It Out has responded to Brown's concerns following Wild's conviction at Bristol Magistrates Court.
Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective and delicious lunches to work.
Easy-to-assemble options such as cheese and crackers, to more complicated steamed Chinese buns, and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches.
Each recipe on Food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals 'both interesting and pretty'
Caley beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness's Josh Meekings was sent off for handball.
Caley boss John Hughes says the break was a turning point.
Hughes will take on his former club Falkirk in the final.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig in 1984.
The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-0 in the Premier League.
Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Daley Blind and Juan Mata scored for the hosts.
Sergio Aguero scored twice in the eighth and 88th minutes to give the visitors hope.
David de Gea's side have not beaten City since 2009-10.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening.
'Investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months,' said the Colorado Springs Police Department.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance.
Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program.
Narcocon officials, who run more than 120 centers around the world, deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology.
The group's treatment program claims that megadoses of the vitamin Niacin and spending five hours a day in a sauna for a month eliminates addiction cravings.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to Barcelona.
The 20-year-old right back left the Catalan giants four years ago.
PSG and Man United target Dani Alves could leave the Nou Camp.
Bellerin scored the opener for Arsenal against Liverpool on Saturday.
Nine members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland.
The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast.
Crew member Luke Arbuckle came up short while attempting to make the jump to the Coast Guard ship.
Arbuckle was rescued and transported by a Coast Guard helicopter to the hospital, where he was treated and later released.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man's funeral.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a gift.
They danced to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of open-mouthed mourners.
Some mourners appeared to be more interested in filming the sexy dancers.
Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
But after victim Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges, officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Mr Clarkson is still set to appear in Top Gear Live shows alongside Richard Hammond and James May.
Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers.
The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then set up Fabian Delph's winner.
Grealish could not wait to share his excitement with Villa fans.
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky.
The Briton is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad.
John Degenkolb won the Paris-Roubaix ahead of Wiggins in 18th.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively.
He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in
Andy Murray and Kim Sears met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel.
The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split.
Their engagement was confirmed last November.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City's game against Lincoln City.
He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day.
Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche.
The former Manchester United and Burnley full-back is a free agent.
Eckersley joined MLS side Toronto FC on loan last year.
Several properties were littered with debris on Monday morning.
Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank.
FAA said it is'very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft'
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics.
She now works as a professional life coach and author.
Has appeared on the cover of the Romanian Playboy.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011 at Loftus Road.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey thinks the issue has been dealt with.
Ramsey revealed Rio Ferdinand won't be fit in time for a reunion with Terry.
The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.
Close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.
Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight, 49, to stand trial on charges he killed Carter and attempted to kill Sloan.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton.
Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself.
Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to the report.
She was shot at 'intermediate' range, the report says--meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank.
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening.
While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15 year old dead.
Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
A local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
The Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner.
It is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer.
The ship's 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies.
Craig Stephen Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister.
Hicks, 46, appears to have been motivated by a long-running dispute over parking spaces at the Chapel Hill condominium complex where he lived.
The victims' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were Muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He is accused of shooting dead a man who worked in the school's print shop.
Stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane.
Police have issued a warrant for his arrest, describing him as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye.
SWAT teams raced to the campus just before 9am
Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals.
The 29-year-old knows United will be playing for 'pride' against City.
United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals.
Louis van Gaal will be hoping his side can earn a four-point gap.
David Alaba has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia.
The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi.
Khan has been so close to fighting Floyd Mayweather for two years that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd.
The handsome young prince of British boxing will pay a flying visit to Vegas on May 2.
If Khan wins his interim bout with Chris Algieri in New York next month, all that would appear to stand between him and his long-awaited mega-fight is the outside chance of a re-match.
Floyd Mayweather will end his six-fight deal with Showtime in September.
Andrew Chan, then 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005.
They were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches, after being disillusioned by their jobs.
Both men were arrested at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush, Michael Czugaj, Lawrence and Stephens.
The latter were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast, scales and plastic wrap.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst.
Daisy suffers from Anophthalmia, a rare condition which means 'lack of eyes'
She will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
Ms Davis said: 'We want to give Daisy as normal a life as possible'
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder.
Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders.
But researchers found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs didn't meet the criteria for OCD, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors.
But only two agreed to deals.
In both those cases, Baxter followed the state's recommendations: He gave a former teacher a 7 p.m to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail.
They'll also serve five years on probation.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week.
The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing.
A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $90,000 for the family.
Two people died in the explosion, Moises Ismael Locon Yac, 26, and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa.
David Cameron will today announce all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Around 100,000 pupils a year don't pass English and maths tests before they leave primary school.
Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Floyd Mayweather adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his sports car collection.
The 38-year-old boxer takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the fight.
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one.
Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
The Ivorian signed for City for a fee of £24million from Barcelona in 2010.
Mark Hughes, the then City boss, begun a plan to sign Kolo Toure in an attempt to entice Yaya along.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban.
Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Bolt is the fastest man of all time, but Gay is close behind him.
Microsoft said it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their Apple and Android apps to run on devices that use the new Windows 10 operating system.
The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company.
Microsoft still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps.
New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Brent Council said it was no longer able to pay for a live-in carer to look after Robert Clark.
This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.
The pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home.
In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000.
Mr Clark is one of Britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland, before being forced
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout.
But the schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin.
Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze.
Comes after scores of youngsters have suffered similar fates after attempting the Kylie Jenner challenge.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001.
They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail.
Male birds may make the infrared rumble to scare off an approaching rival or to attract a mate.
Experts are unsure how the birds detect infrasound, but know that some can feel vibration through their legs.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge return to Kensington Palace to prepare for imminent birth of their new baby.
Prince William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess.
The future king had already announced that he planned to take two weeks’ statutory paternity leave after the birth of his son George.
He will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave, aides said, with immediate effect.
Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing role at BBC.
The 53-year-old was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank's Swiss division.
She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20.
Sandstorm wrecked havoc across the area last week, causing traffic accidents, the cancellation of hundreds of flights and triggering breathing difficulties among residents.
Images show the vast sandstorm sweeping its way across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates over a period of seven days.
It began on April 1, when high winds whipped up the sandstorm in northern Saudi Arabia before it consolidated and began moving southeastward across the peninsula.
The following day, it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in Dubai.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range.
It becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight or exposed to humidity.
Experts at Home Office's Centre for Applied Science and Technology will lead inquiry.
Germany said the G36 had 'no future' with its military.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28.
Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
Richards was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel last week.
She is scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 following her April 16 incident at the Polo Lounge.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, had been missing for nearly two weeks in Michigan.
They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south April 11.
Instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs.
A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
Roy, of Valley, Nebraska, and Wright of Depew, Oklahoma
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel was the one German leader in the Second World War who the British regarded with honour.
He gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for North Africa.
The goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth.
They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was just 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009.
Six years, one marriage and two children later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature.
Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series.
But all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
At one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'
The 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating Minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide.
She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway, to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an 'unimaginably cruel' trade.
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.
State-run website says he greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting Havana.
Four images show Castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand.
The encounters were said to take place on Monday.
Castro, whose country has close ties with the leftist Venezuelan government, will turn 89 on Aug. 13.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper.
She was in the car with her mother, her two brothers, her mother and grandmother when the accident happened.
The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Wyee Road was closed for seven hours while Crash Investigation Unit police examined the scene.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on Wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in.
The couple were recently divorced and Keltsie lived in her Utah apartment alone with her daughter.
Keltsie was found in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl was sleeping in the next room.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic this season.
But he wasn't rewarded with a call-up to the Holland national team.
Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer.
The 20-year-old was called into the fray for Belgium against Israel.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final.
They will now face Juventus in the final on June 7.
Senad Lulic scored the winner in Lazio's 2-1 win on aggregate.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month.
It will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design.
Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, married Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital Bandar Seri Begawan.
The enthronement ceremony took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace, Istana Nural Iman.
Malaysian state rulers and the governor of Saudi Arabia were in attendance, and this is the first time the couple have appeared together since the festivities started on 5 April.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun.
Hinton is expected to be released from the Jefferson County Jail on Friday morning.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The Red Devils' website claimed the city was turned red once more.
Sportsmail's verdict on the issues: Is Manchester red again?
Louis van Gaal has not been too proud to learn from his mistakes.
Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy.
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
Gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season.
The video, created by YouTube channel Cut, sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance.
Released on April 20, which is affectionately referred to as 420, a day widely regarded by marijuana users as the national day for getting high.
The video shows the three men smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug, eating snacks, and playing games, including crude card game Cards Against Humanity.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, were arrested after tip.
Police received anonymous tip regarding welfare of their children, 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four.
When police arrived at their home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, they discovered youngsters locked in'sparsely furnished' room.
Room was stained with human urine and feces and had homemade 'gate'
Authorities immediately removed the youngsters, who are now thriving.
Suggs and Kangas have been sentenced to six-year suspended sentences.
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
During the three-minute video, Detective Cherry shouts at the driver, screaming, 'I don't know where you're coming from, where you think you're appropriate in doing that'
The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred in the West Village.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government.
As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word.
US president Barack Obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary despite pledging he would during his election campaign.
John Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0.
The Chelsea skipper racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.
Terry has been a crucial part of Jose Mourinho's Premier League title bid.
Eaze allows users to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.
The Californian start-up has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million)
The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC.
A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers.
They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem.
But revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee.
Viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying for them.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram.
With 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos.
It is followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641.
The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap.
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by the three-time Masters champion.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009.
The former Celtic striker has reflected on his battle with cancer.
Hartson says cancer forced him to face up to a gambling addiction.
He says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life.
Jeremy Clarkson was guest of honour at a charity auction in the Cotswolds.
He joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job.
Hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch Clarkson oversee the auction.
Clarkson was sacked from the BBC for allegedly assaulting a producer.
Insurers are dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less.
They offer lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women.
Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system.
He found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers, which are female-dominated roles.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was caught in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun.
Police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck.
Officers chased Taylor three blocks before he was apprehended.
He is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the Kankakee County Sheriff's Office.
Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, when authorities say he beat a guard unconscious, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4.
The book told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager.
It was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies.
Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea.
The Poland international has one year left on his current deal.
Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain.
She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.
Surgeons operating to extract the growth were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin, complete with bone, hair and teeth.
Known by its medical name, a brain teratoma, the growth is very rare.
Dr Hrayr Shahinian has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination.
She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself.
The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday.
Jackie McNamara's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine.
Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
The plaintiff is suing for unspecified damages.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London.
Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield.
The welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby.
Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson.
Joe Arpaio, who calls himself ‘America’s Toughest Sheriff’, and the former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday.
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight.
The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Montenegro is from Queens, New York, and studies at Valencia Community College.
The short story was penned by the future monarch when she was just 10.
It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, sent away to boarding school.
Alice befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little French orphan'
The tale will be published in June as 'The Adventures of Alice' by Alexandrina Victoria, Aged 10 and ¾'
Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to stay at Anfield.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Sterling.
The Spanish giants have splashed the cash on Gareth Bale and Raphael Varane.
Sterling has netted six times in the Premier League this season.
Tom Sturridge, 29, is set to star in American Buffalo this year.
He will play Sergeant Troy in the hotly-anticipated new adaptation of Far From The Madding Crowd.
The London-born actor counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends.
His first big film break came in 2013 when he starred in the movie adaptation of Jack Kerouac's On The Road alongside Kristen Stewart and Garrett Hedlund.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers.
He bought 365 pairs so he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day.
But after wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised that it was 'bankruptcy or boxers'
He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, escaped death by millimetres after crash on A444.
Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst as they worked to release him.
But they were shocked to see driver emerge from wreckage and walk away unaided.
Father-of-one believes he was saved by Jesus Christ watching over him that day.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.
Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today left the door open to a second referendum.
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a once-in-a-generation chance to decide on the future of the 300-year-old Union.
But Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years.
Opponents claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis'
In September's vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the UK.
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the game.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, was so addicted to Red Bull she drank 24 cans a day.
She became lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and anxious.
Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying.
Was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure.
But after seeing hypnotherapist she claims she has been cured of her addiction.
Clermont were thrashed 37-5 by English champions in Champions Cup.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting Northampton to an open training session.
The Saints sit 10 points clear at the summit of the Aviva Premiership.
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc's side lost the first leg 3-1 to Barcelona in Paris.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti will return from suspension.
Blanc says his side must play as if they have nothing to lose.
For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web.
Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.
Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for 20 years.
The Queen, then aged 86, was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
Her grandson, Prince William, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
But her still-sharp sense of humour remains undiminished.
She still rides regularly and is frequently seen at the Windsor Horse Show.
Darius the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs in at three and a half stone.
But his son Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge him.
The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer.
The Ivory Coast midfielder turns 32 next month.
Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro.
Toure scored a consolation goal in Manchester City's 2-1 defeat by Crystal Palace.
Scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old.
The technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.
Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted.
Instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots.
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards.
41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
One in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman.
The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'
Police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car, according to TMZ.
Jones is currently scheduled to defend his light-heavyweight title against contender Anthony Johnson on May 23.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows.
The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat.
However, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265.
Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.
Sutcliffe says he knew chairman Stafford Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
He remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry by high court judge Mr Justice Popplewell that the fire was an accident.
Leila Alavi was found stabbed to death inside a vehicle in Sydney's west.
The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei.
Ms Alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park.
Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra with initial examination suggesting Ms Alavi had suffered a knife wound to the throat.
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target.
Law scored twice in Sunday's 4-0 rout of Raith Rovers.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest.
Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town are also interested.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw.
Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed her penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend.
Instead of ordering her back to the spot, awarded a free-kick to Norway.
England were given a lifeline when UEFA chiefs ruled it should be replayed.
All match details from Saturday, including the time of day the penalty was awarded, the venue, the players who were on the pitch, were ticked off by the Swiss blazers.
Brady Olson, 43, tackled a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning.
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began.
Olson teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school.
The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station.
Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
The resort boasts a fine-dining restaurant and is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach.
There are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity, so with 190 accommodation options, there is plenty of choice.
Exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds.
Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film.
Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Proposals aim to rid classrooms of 'tired phrases' which some pupils see as outdated.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday.
The 21-year-old winger jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by Louis van Gaal.
United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international.
PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great'
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People.
The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary.
Jessa's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the Duggars.
She is the third child to marry, and every marriage has resulted in a baby the first year of marriage.
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan'
He will say: 'We will deal with people's concerns because we have listened'
But his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
During Labour’s 13 years in power, the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year.
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast.
At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab.
He then begins singing along himself – loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent.
London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year.
Economists said that the housing market had ‘got ahead of itself’ last year and would assume a much more leisurely pace in 2015.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Pacquiao has promised to be on time.
Richie Sambora, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'
Sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19.
His shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later.
Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail Online that they are investigating.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA for 'using abusive language related to colour'
Anton may no longer be at Loftus Road, but brother Rio could feature under Chris Ramsey.
Tom Ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as Derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 4-4 draw at Huddersfield.
Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul was in the stands as the on-loan Hull player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors.
Derby lost Craig Bryson to injury early on and then Zak Whitbread also went off on 27 minutes.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on Tuesday.
The Pacers (38-43) have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at Memphis - or if Brooklyn loses to Orlando - on the final night of the regular season.
Martin Gortat and Bradley Beal each scored 19 points for the Wizards (46-35)
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic.
It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background.
Cell phone footage recorded by a mom in Jacksonville, Florida, on Tuesday shows a 28-year-old man, Dan Frank, throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle.
When she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car.
Further down the road, she said, the driver got out of his van in traffic and made rude hand gestures at her.
Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
Easter is just around the corner so give us a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session.
Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules.
A 67-kilogram woman who ate only four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt, and the calories melted away.
If you chose the humble kayak as your weapon against weight gain, ladies you'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours
Missie Smile is hoping the generous stranger will get in contact.
The 'Love Call' notices are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square.
Most people gave up on their umbrellas in the storm.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice in Arsenal's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat of Reading.
The Chile international has scored 22 goals in all competitions.
Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the FA Cup final on Sunday.
Jimmy Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday.
The world No 1 has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport, says Paul McGinley.
McIlroy's ambitions are unlike Chelsea's relentless win-at-all-costs manager Jose Mourinho.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round on Wednesday.
Gary Bowyer wanted to include John O'Sullivan in the replay.
O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley when the first game was played.
Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use the 21-year-old.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January.
The 24-year-old has been demoted to the substitutes' bench.
David Seaman believes the Poland international can make the number one jersey his own once more.
Man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell.
The station, which also serves the Victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital.
Graphic designer Lesia Biloshytska, who was at the station, told how passengers screamed when the young man was hit.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed.
The incident left him unable to use his legs or right arm.
Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
Afoa went on to sue Port of Seattle, saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace.
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
The iconic children's classicaired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania.
Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up.
He keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim.
The Information Commissioner's Office and the Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year.
Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them.
One elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex.
The pair had been driving along a route together where, unknown to Alex, Daniel had erected a series of signs.
Together they read: 'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona.
Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event.
The mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis.
It meant the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain.
A CT scan proved Ava had the condition - usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old.
In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull.
She was released from hospital and Ms Ciach said she was amazed by her daughter's resilience.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips.
They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
She gave birth in her mom's bed and did not take the newborn to the hospital.
Jamie Carragher watched his son play for the Under 12s in the Mediterranean International Cup.
The former Liverpool defender flew out to watch James play in the tournament in Girona in northern Spain.
Carragher cheered from the sidelines as the Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his car in a side street before the Manchester Marathon.
He was unable to remember where he had parked it after five hours 11 minutes.
Mr Matthews spent hours searching for his car, even retracing some of the marathon route.
A Good Samaritan gave up his day off to join the search and found it safe.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to an upmarket street in London on Tuesday.
The 48-year-old was lured on the pretence of providing a quote for work.
But when the imam arrived, the killer got into his Volkswagen Passat.
Killer got into the rear seat and shot him several times, it is thought.
Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether Mr Arwan was murdered on the orders of the regime.
Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO and co-founder, said the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments.
The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed.
For U.S. moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck somehow opened as it was moving.
A plastic bag with a'substantial amount of money' was blown out of the truck.
Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine.
She was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot.
Her friend Andrew Chan is expected to be put to death on Tuesday.
Sandiford has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles – then 20 – at the Caernarfon Castle ceremony.
He sent Metropolitan Police officers to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists.
The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales and the Free Wales Army.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed.
He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean'
He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered.
The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run.
The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
In a cycling scenario, the researchers say the drone could create a draft, ‘providing a psychological and maybe even physical boost’
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, and Marc, 15, drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
The boys and a friend had driven to a house to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000.
In the shooting, Jean was shot dead.
Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million.
Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way.
They boast an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views.
But one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom - a move which has trebled the value of the plot.
The homes are the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row in Poole, Dorset.
Prime Minister said Scottish National Party would prop up minority Labour administration.
But Danny Alexander accused PM of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling.
Comes as polls indicate General Election race is still neck and neck.
Survation poll put Conservatives three points ahead on 33% to Labour's 30%.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night.
TV cameras captured the moment he was hauled away by police following the game.
Muliaina earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup.
Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Jose Mourinho's side have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004.
Porto received 55.6 per cent of their transfer fee in the last 11 years.
Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer.
Heather Livergood, 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob following a trip to Grantsville, Utah, last year.
She discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg. She got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war.
Her adoptive parents were told what to write and they handed over $500 to complete the transaction.
They are now using DNA to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings that are still alive.
Elephants are forced to pose for pictures and be ridden by guests at the resort, and others across Thailand.
Jaime Singleton saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year.
The change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago.
Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals, and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour.
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war.
He will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region, it has been claimed.
Notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that Putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states.
These disturbances are thought to likely involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania intended to unsettle the region.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for Tottenham.
Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the clash with Aston Villa.
Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are expected to miss out.
Aly Cissokho could return after training again this week.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Mercedes team-mate was absolved of any blame by Mercedes boss Toto Wolff.
Nico Rosberg accused Hamilton of being'selfish' as tension rose.
Hamilton has finished ahead of Rosberg at every race this season.
Rita, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals.
She has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them.
The range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1.
Rita also recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup final against Arsenal.
Lerner missed the 2-1 win over Liverpool because of a family bereavement.
Villa chief executive Tom Fox said the American owner was delighted by the win.
Fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing Premier League games illegally.
He says he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago.
Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal.
Mr Thorpe says the court action has seen him lose the Stoke Inn in Plymouth.
Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum.
The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system.
Tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC's Sky at Night in 1957.
Queen Letizia, 42, was joined by husband King Felipe, 47, at the Casa Real.
She welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to the hotel.
Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen.
Letizia was making her second appearance at an awards show in just two days.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event in Sacramento.
The event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters.
Organizers urged people to remember the reason for the event: to raise money for survivors of human trafficking.
West Bromwich Albion host Liverpool on Saturday.
Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing top teams.
Baggies are eight points clear of the relegation zone.
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance.
He insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance.
David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from 'disaster'
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested with eight relatives in Turkey earlier this month.
He is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, who is a councillor.
But it is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly home.
The remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.
The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Since he released the clip many viewers have criticized him for being too 'prying' and 'invasive'
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains.
He was struck by a falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin.
The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising.
In order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform surgery on himself.
Using items in his first aid kit, he used a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle as well as a hydrogen peroxide antiseptic.
Incredibly, ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely.
Beer will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services.
The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers.
There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won't be available in shops.
Xu bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, through a middleman.
He then sold her to another family after realising she was infertile.
Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of eastern China.
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1.
Born on March 5, 1898, the great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers.
When asked the secret to long life, she said: 'I wonder about that too'
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy.
The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.
She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
It allowed the brain to cool down and minimise the damage from the lack of oxygen.
Despite her ordeal, Caitlin, now 10 months old, seems to be developing normally.
Insta-fame is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio.
The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
General Manager Paul Thomas says it's all about the elusive 'cool girl' appeal.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany.
He was rescued after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom.
Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March.
They had looked everywhere - even hanging up notices in surrounding streets.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.
A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.
Skaf was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
He received a 46 year sentence and will be eligible for parole, if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime, in 2033.
Some Manchester City fans have been told their season cards will cost £1,750.
But the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded.
Some fans claim City are abusing their loyalty.
City have slumped to fourth this season after some poor performances.
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash early Tuesday.
The 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle.
Henyekanes made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders.
But the team led by Hans-Ulrich Auster at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, said their data don't support this theory.
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on a virtual tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios.
The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo.
Google has stepped in to showcase as much of this history to the public as possible, in a range of ways.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama.
This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
In 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65.
Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, used to live at home with his mother.
He worked as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria.
Entitled 'Dealing with sisters and social media', the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies.
Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny.
The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case.
He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
It's not the first time abuse allegations have surfaced at St Ignatius' College Riverview.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Aaron Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
Mitchell and his passenger, Rayvorris Altuan Oliver, 27, fled the scene following the crash.
Mr Davis died at the scene and his co-worker, Brian Lee LaFrance, was treated and released from Bayfront Health St Petersburg.
Last week Mr Davis decided to quit smoking and was going to put the savings towards his children.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.
Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud'
Cyclists approached a crossing over a train track at the Paris-Roubaix race.
But as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them.
The racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise.
A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation and stop more cyclists risking their safety for the race.
Brett Robinson, 33, faces 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'
But at a motion hearing, Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Officers from Police Scotland's Edinburgh division posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime.
But victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke'
Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to April 2014, with 4,101 homes hit.
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel.
They arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border.
The 66ft deep route was still under construction and was wired with lights.
Officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola's side are without Mehdi Benatia and Arjen Robben.
Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined.
Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she had accepted bribes.
She was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister Ion Ariton.
Romania is regarded as one of the most corrupt countries in the European Union.
Udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record.
Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the last 16.
River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over San Jose.
Duchess of Cambridge is a huge fan of Hobbs, a mid-range label.
The 33-year-old has worn the brand repeatedly during the pregancy.
She is also a fan of Séraphine, a small Anglo-French label.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women.
This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
The exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95.
Other examples highlighted on the website, which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further.
GetUp launched the website due to its interest in protesting against the gender pay gap, while drawing inspiration from similar
Amanda Curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station.
The rare formation appears to be formed of two double rainbows.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to appear in new comedy show, Newzoids.
Dolls will be joined by Prince Harry and a roster of celebrities.
Show has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image.
Stuart McCall insists he is loving life at Rangers despite losing heavily to Queen of the South.
The former Motherwell manager admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall.
McDowall quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.
She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.
Her mother Heather has told The Daily Telegraph that her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura.
Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the flu sooner.
The Sydney mother's baby died in utero
Inter held to goalless draw by Inter in the 214th Derby della Madonnina.
Juan Jesus opened the scoring for the visitors after just 51 seconds.
Gary Medel made his first appearance for the Nerazzurri just 11 minutes later.
Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal, as did his keeper Diego Lopez, but it was ruled out.
Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Vonn's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn - and accessorized - by Bubba Watson's wife Angie.
Other golfers also brought girlfriends and kids, and Rory McIlroy even brought One Directioner Niall Horan along for the day's events.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton.
The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer.
Carroll will continue working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section.
The 29-year-old thought she was going to die when she gave birth in Benidorm.
Couple have now been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months.
But soldier Jordan Jackson, 21, is meant to report back for service tomorrow.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March.
The Arsenal striker is France's 16th winner of the accolade.
Giroud netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins.
He joined a long list of his compatriots to be ranked as a month's best player in the English top flight.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with her pet cat Kimchi in Puss Puss.
The cat fancier loves crunchy 'human food' and taramasalata would be his 'death row dish'
Gizzi also revealed she wants a cat tattoo.
Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.
Delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller lost their 17-month-old daughter Rowyn in September last year.
Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over Rowyn.
The two dealt with the tragedy together.
They have started a charity to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief.
Letter was sent to family of James Moody, 24, who died on board Titanic.
Company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body to England.
They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial.
Mr Moody was on watch when the ship struck the iceberg and later helped passengers into the lifeboats while declining a space for himself.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon.
The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011.
Mee told jurors about his military career, and firmly denied the allegations.
He branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar.
Grant Shapps accused of changing Wikipedia pages to promote himself.
He has denied the claims, describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign'
Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site, known only as 'Contribsx'
It found evidence it said suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'
The Tories described the story as 'completely false and defamatory'
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, Michigan, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am.
Since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles in connection to the killing 40-year-old Archie Brown Jr and 15 year-old Rasheed Chiles.
Brown struck and killed the gunman's nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van.
Damani's brother, Rasheed and also the nephew of Chiles, was also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident
The jury that voted Wednesday to send former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez to prison for life sat down for a group interview on Thursday with CNN's Anderson Cooper.
The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.
When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands.
However, they maintained that Hernandez's notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision.
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
Last month, 'Full House' star John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco and went unnoticed by fans checking out the famous house.
Miranda is said to be on Louis van Gaal's summer wishlist.
The Brazilian centre back has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move.
Miranda has started Brazil's last eight matches since missing out on a chance of representing his country at the 2014 World Cup.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's training ground methods are superior to the previous management's.
The Ibrox winger is full of praise for the impact of new boss McCall.
Templeton says he was not attacking the qualities of McCoist or McDowall.
Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915.
Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites.
In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision.
He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear.
Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911 but first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow.
Seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are going up for auction at the end of the month.
The costumes are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30.
All seven costumes were either acquired from an auction of outfits from legendary Hollywood costume supplier, Western Costume, held in July 1994.
Celebrities with a home cinema include Benedict Cumberbatch, Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’
The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average British living room.
Manny Pacquiao will wear multi-million pound shorts when he takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
The PacMan's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m)
Pacquiao was visited by Sylvester Stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet-ups on Saturday.
Money Man has scores of gloves in all colours and chooses them based on their weight.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body.
The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning.
Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November 24.
A witness said Colina had also intimidated other gym users when he wanted to use equipment.
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm.
But in a lawsuit filed in New Orleans’ District Court last week, Pitt’s Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000.
It claims the wood was defective and forced the charity to replace the decks and other wood in all 104 homes - at a cost of more than half a million dollars.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, was friends with Robert Durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman.
The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s.
Schuler said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at Garza's Kon-Tiki.
He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, uploaded video of him pulling out his son's wobbly tooth with a Chevy muscle car.
James, eight, had been asking him for days to perform the DIY removal before he gave in.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Earlier this year he sold a £20million townhouse to a company owned by himself.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at.
Police questioned mother and daughter and now consider the case closed.
Iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., 63, who died of a heart attack in 2012.
Alpha kangaroo Roger was gifted his new friend by a fan.
He quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said he attempted to take the bunny off Roger but was met with hostility.
LeBron James says drills at the dentist are the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season.
The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday.
James delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in their march towards the playoffs.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in basement of Fulham cafe as bricks fell.
She heard concerned passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse'
She had been walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up prescription.
As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards.
Ms Flynn was taken to hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising.
Her partner Chris Jeffries, 48, claims she could have been killed in the accident.
Barnet beat Gateshead 1-0 to secure promotion to League Two.
Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Barnet will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday.
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south.
At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Stancil, who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols, said he is a neo-Nazi who is looking out for his fellow white people.
Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denied murder.
He denies murdering three and poisoning 18 others at Stepping Hill Hospital.
Pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all, including three alleged murders.
Court heard he wrote about 'a devil in me', going'straight to hell' and being 'an evil person' in a 13-page note.
Lewis Hamilton has five poles to his name at the Shanghai International Circuit.
The Briton finished just 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
McLaren drivers do not make it out of Q1 and Alonso will start on the penultimate row.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Spain striker aggravated a hamstring problem in last weekend's win over Stoke City.
Costa was already certain to miss the games against Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United.
But Jose Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break.
He was playing British Bulldog, a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ‘bulldogs’
His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness.
The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, a former Bolton Wanderers player who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham
Rodney Todd and his seven children aged six to 15 were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home.
Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday.
Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.
Witnesses said the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected'
The boy was reportedly in the coach's office to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham.
Anderson 'wouldn’t say boo to a goose' says his old county captain Warren Hegg.
The fast bowler is about to become England’s leading Test wicket-taker of all time.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert.
The pair square off in a top trump style competition of their honours.
Kahn revealed he didn't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years.
The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.
In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress.
The $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.
When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
Fulton's attorney has released a statement in which he said he does not know why Scott ran.
He said: 'I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die. Please keep Walter and his family in your prayers and respect my privacy moving forward'
The FA is prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines.
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing.
If Arsenal repeat their 2014 FA Cup triumph, they stand to pocket £1.8million in prize money.
FA chairman Greg Dyke’s England Commission is focusing on coaches and facilities.
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer'
The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group.
It is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters.
Each of the images are similar to videos released of British and American hostages.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.
It was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor.
The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who stayed with her
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to shake the hand of Monaco coach.
Jardim and Wenger fell out at the Emirates after Arsenal's 3-1 exit.
The Ligue 1 champions face Juve in the Champions League quarter-final.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair.
He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week.
Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing plenty - all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn.
The challenge, just one of many in the team-oriented 10-12 mile obstacle course, required Pierce to jump off a ledge and grab on to
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexually assaulting six women.
He has strongly denied the accusations in an interview with CNN.
The yoga guru has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries.
Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida.
Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused.
Jones, 32, held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring.
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm by Kenneth Ward, 67.
The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure.
He has now been released from prison and allowed to return to his home.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG on Wednesday night.
Seven female students, some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah, were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man.
The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named Kayla in Texas.
Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2.
The two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves.
Mayweather is a big fan of the Brad Pitt film Troy with Brad Pitt.
Pacquiao eats five meals and consumes 8,000 calories daily.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, study claims.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, research claims.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries.
Among them were 400 Zimbabweans who were packed onto buses.
They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre.
About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps.
South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up xenophobic hatred.
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season.
Steve Heighway predicted the midfielder would be a success in 1992.
Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old.
Heighway described the midfielder as 'outstanding' after seeing him play.
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka off Perth.
The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
Both men aged 18 and 24, and both currently living in Cockburn Central, were evicted from the island.
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched violent attack on Fiona McCartney, 43, in Edinburgh.
He claims to have helped train Stefani before her 2009 U.S tour.
But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted.
Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court in March to the attack.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon.
Police believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life.
The suspect's wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed called 911.
AC Milan have slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain.
Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue'
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow property off-plan after splitting from husband Michael.
She paid £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex and had extensive works done.
It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth £1 million.
Ms Mone, 43, will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in Lanarkshire.
In 2010, she was at centre of row with neighbours over plans to add sauna, gym and bar.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, charged with murdering Karen Buckley, 21.
He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
Miss Buckley went missing following a night out at the Sanctuary nightclub.
Her body was found on a farm six miles north of Glasgow this week.
Pacteau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham.
The midfielder has twice beaten testicular cancer at Newcastle.
Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by Newcastle despite seven years.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club.
Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
The Baggies are 13th in the Premier League table.
Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire.
Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses.
At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
As they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside Waitrose.
They fled police in the stolen car after nearby residents reported sparks.
When they were arrested at a flat in Tamworth a list of ATMs was found.
The thieves were caught after a police helicopter followed the gang of four.
Police released video footage showing the foursome accelerating away from chasing police cars.
Gang members Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, were all jailed.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park.
She suddenly collapsed and doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.
Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave Hollie life-saving CPR.
The teen then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season.
Arsene Wenger's side have the same record as they did at this stage last year.
Gunners beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have same record.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning winner for Sunderland against Newcastle.
The 32-year-old striker looked overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf.
Defoe said: 'To score a goal like that in a game like this, it's a dream come true'
Michael Maggio, 52, posted details of Charlize Theron's adoption.
He admitted posting comments that were racist, sexist and offensive.
Maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced.
Theron adopted the boy, Jackson, from her native South Africa.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of herself showing off her stretch marks.
Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore.
The singer said that she felt beautiful in her dress.
Didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season.
The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012.
But the Blues legend's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract.
Drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season.
House was built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea.
It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales.
But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses.
The transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the UK.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side have won seven on the spin in the Premier League.
The Gunners have not conceded more than once in the league since New Year's Day.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Heston Blumenthal's Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire, named eighth best restaurant in world.
Dinner by Heston Blumenthal at Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park came in at number 25.
Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retained crown for fourth year running.
Other celebrity-helmed UK eateries to make it into top 100 include Raymond Blanc’s Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat’Saisons, at number 61 and Michel Roux Jr's Le Gavroche.
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo.
Miss Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, stopped to photograph the struggle.
After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches.
But it ran straight for the road instead before running into the side of their car.
The buffalo caused around £11,000 worth of damage to the car.
Power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators.
Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city.
Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam.
The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.
Mr Cooper fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after sustaining a head injury when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder in a tackle during a first grade rugby union match on Saturday.
The young man was visiting his hometown in the New England region of NSW for the weekend.
He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset.
The trio of bikers were made up professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
They were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another yesterday.
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'
But crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them.
Miliband said Labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks.
He made a stinging attack on both David Cameron and firms that use 'exploitative' contracts which fail to guarantee minimum hours of work.
Man shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, on Friday.
Police revealed it was not the first time the gunman had sparked security concerns.
Last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he vandalized his ex-girlfriend's car.
But despite court orders banning him from the park, he was spotted at 2.15pm near the water slides.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old her visa application had been delayed.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15.
One woman said she saw Mee as a father figure after he helped her join the Army.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one rape.
The Girl In The Spider's Web will be the fourth installment in the Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson.
The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency.
Dubai started construction on a Ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher.
The New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time.
It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night.
A shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly.
Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents.
They were told they'd never conceive naturally.
But last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early.
The couple said they became 'used' to the heartbreak of miscarriages after losing ten babies.
Tony McCoy won his 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby.
McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester than any course in Britain.
He outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide after a night out.
The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Grealish starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool.
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments.
Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.
No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park.
The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive.
Stevens has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.
Mr Scott's father, Walter Scott, Sr., also hugged the man and said: 'Thank you for another son, God, thank you. You've got a family in Charleston right now... anytime'
Santana, a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic, said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know precisely how their son had died.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, was arrested on Tuesday for the
Paula Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25.
The former World Champion says she knows she got the best out of her career.
Radcliffe says she wants to finish her career on her own terms.
The glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers.
The hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby.
Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield.
The 29-year-old was a 10-time ladies' champion.
Evans collected just £400 as prize money for winning the title in 2013.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has refused to address his future and whether he is bound for the Premier League.
Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign.
Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure at Liverpool as he faces a third trophyless season.
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis in October 2012.
The condition, which affects less than.01 per cent of people, left her unable to eat for a year and a half.
Her weight dropped to 80lbs within months, and she had to postpone her wedding.
The Yeatman is Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia.
All of its 82 rooms face the Douro river, and almost all of them are themed after a Portuguese winery.
Guests can take advantage of two other things, relaxation and imaginative food.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the West.
He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame'
But William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator.
About 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off Libyan waters, south of the Italian island of Lampedusa.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling.
It tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes.
The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism.
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend.
The 23-year-old missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue.
Manor have had their teething problems since being rescued from administration.
Stephanie, 13, from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her father.
She wanted to give him a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away.
The next time the NASA employee was up in space, she decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the International Space Station.
Her father took a picture of the image from space to show his daughter that her plan had worked.
Tracey Cox says it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention.
She says the simple act of blinking can also make someone aware that you're attracted to them.
The blink rate increases when we're incredibly happy, sad, attracted or excited as the eye tries to clear excess liquid.
Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m.
A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated.
The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to'stop digging' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home, Kincora.
He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr.
Mr Kerr claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini.
Zouma has emerged as an emergency option for the league leaders.
Neville said Mourinho would focus on 'destruction' before winning.
Fees paid to Tony Blair Associates for work advising Colombia on mining industry.
Contract includes requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips to South America.
Questions raised about why fees are being paid by United Arab Emirates.
Mr Blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich'
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside.
The parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
William's father choked back tears as he remembered his son, who was infatuated with superheroes.
'He's a cheeky, vibrant little boy... full of energy
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike.
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.
Designer Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo.
The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor.
Bike is recharged by either removing the battery and recharging it at home.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault.
He allegedly touched the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a rap concert in Sydney.
Police say Hamdin and the girl were dancing and kissing before she tried to move away from him.
Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court.
Charges were laid against Hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the Australia Day rap concert.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park.
The 40-year-old was handed the trophy by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times.
Jafar Adeli, 32, was snared by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting.
Adeli, of Afghani origin, arranged to meet someone he believed to be 14.
He agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey.
But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, Adeli was confronted by police.
Video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation.
She was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School.
The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year.
Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at three-years-old.
She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14.
Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
Teenager has plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11g to 114g.
Cadbury biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer, Burton’s Biscuit Company, which is responsible for the changes.
Last month, the Daily Mail revealed how the makers of PG Tips have reduced the amount of tea in its teabags.
Jack Rowe was found face down in family's swimming pool in Upavon, Wiltshire.
He had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard.
Coroner ruled death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool.
Dr Clare Balysz said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened.
She called for change in law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death in January last year.
She stuffed his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Kircaldy.
His death came just six months after he was returned to her care.
Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years.
Review concluded that 'the circumstances that led to MK's death could not have been predicted'
Labour leader said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month'mansion tax'
But claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one.
Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens.
Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home.
William has created a secluded retreat for Kate, George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk.
The Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth - as will Kate’s mother, Carole, to help with childcare and housekeeping.
Kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round.
Prince plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments so that he can enjoy more time at home.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold.
The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying a new plunge.
Daley won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai.
David Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday.
Templeton insists he has no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to still be a Hearts player.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday.
Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment and enjoy a carefree life on the beach.
The pair share their stunning and carefree images on Jay's tumblr blog as well as on Instagram.
Their travels take them across the globe, from their California base to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset.
Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola’s treble-winning debut season.
Barcelona are in the Copa del Rey final, against Athletic Bilbao.
Thousands stranded on trains near Clapham Junction during rush hour.
One passenger compared conditions in her carriage to an oven.
Police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water.
Passengers were not allowed to leave the trains by themselves due to safety concerns.
There were at least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations.
U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near Baltic Sea.
Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path, Pentagon claims.
Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat.
CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn.
Mr Tanner, 89, was left feeling violated and vulnerable after Adams stole money.
Adams was convicted of three counts of theft - but escaped with restraining order and £175 fine.
Ashley Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match.
Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young's peg in the dressing room.
Shaw says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth.
The left back has struggled with a number of injuries since arriving at Old Trafford.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27.
But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change.
'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
Bruce's six biological children and four stepkids are 'proud' of the father figure as some called him their '
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3.
The tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo.
In each lane there are a series of icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration.
The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69.
Lincicombe's sixth LPGA Tour triumph since 2011.
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's effort.
The Reading goalkeeper is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the FA Cup final.
Federici apologised to fans for his error after the game.
Khadijah Dare, 22, was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State.
She regularly takes to Twitter to issue violent threats, including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a Westerner.
Her heartbroken mother Victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life.
Mrs Dare also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian as a child but turned to Islam while at college.
No public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday.
The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays.
If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday.
Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick this Monday.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
The Englishman fell outside the world’s top 10 last month.
Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
The photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle.
Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse.
Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric.
The winner of the 'Industry at work or play' category goes to Jacynta Coffey for her stunning shot titled Sunrise Draft.
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming.
The 26-year-old was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
Johnson scored seven times in seven games for Sunderland last season.
He has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012.
Dundee United host Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday.
Paul Hartley's side have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee's recent slide.
United are without a win in three matches themselves.
A planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds.
The county parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails.
At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses.
One shed and one vehicle were engulfed in flames but fortunately no homes were damaged by the blaze.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Scottish First Minister says Ed Miliband 'won't have the votes' to say he will 'do what he likes come what may'
Comes after Miliband insisted he would not enter into any deal with SNP.
But Ms Sturgeon said: 'I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast'
Latest polls indicate the General Election race is still neck-and-neck.
Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the grassroots.
The Premier League puts £168million into grassroots sport.
This represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals between 2013 and 2016.
Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for Yannick Bolasie to leave Crystal Palace.
Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the demolition of Sunderland last week.
Pardew has targeted a top-10 finish at Selhurst Park.
Tanguy Pepiot had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, the distance evaporated.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Simon beat Pepiot by a tenth of a second at the finish line.
Linda and George Hunter became mortgage free around 15 years ago.
But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme.
The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home.
They want the council to put its original offer back on the table.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship.
The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport.
Bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital.
There was no mention of any injuries to anyone else.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
The problem, which tests logical reasoning, has been shared thousands of times online.
People have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday.
The on-loan Mexican striker wheeled away in celebration by himself.
Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views.
Henry posted an 84-minute compilation video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole for the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg will start second.
Vettel qualified third but could threaten Hamilton's supremacy.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home.
He argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.
Jurors acquitted him following a trial in Hancock County, Iowa.
Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
The four Swedish cops were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway.
They stopped a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train.
The Nordic tourists kept both men calm until NYPD cops showed up to sort out the scene.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's draw against Schalke.
The Denmark international was due to start the match.
Manager Dieter Hecking said he would have started if he hadn't turned up late.
Bendtner has only scored once in 16 league appearances this season.
Tyrone Sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to Peter Dutton's office on Monday.
The 10-year-old boy has lived in Australia with his mother for eight years.
Maria Sevilla and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today.
This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son
Patrick Bamford scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-1.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka said his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the Championship.
Karanka could well be using his friendship with Jose Mourinho to secure another loan stay.
CJullian Fellowes to give unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama.
The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse and award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin.
Visitors to the festival will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving British Dambuster George 'Johnny' Johnson, and Battle of Britain fighter pilot Tom Neil.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.
Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.
But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year.
They were born with a rare condition called diprosopus, which means they share the same body and organs but have separate brains and two faces.
Their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west.
When they arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
'We were devastated and mortified. We've had a little shrine set up and we've been adding to it since the funeral,' Mr Howie said.
The
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since Saturday.
Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions.
Friends have posted on social media saying the 16-year-old is in Southampton with a man in his 20s.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri.
He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
Perz said he felt it important to show the people who had impacted his life how grateful to them he is.
Nick Cousins left Hong Kong court clutching hand of his Filipino wife.
Herminia Garcia, 53, charged with wilful neglect following death of daughter.
Blanca Cousins, 15, plunged 19 storeys to her death in apparent suicide.
She was charged with being in the country illegally for more than 20 years.
Mr Cousins, 57, was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment'
More than 140 children removed from classes in Washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations.
Officials warn there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago.
They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, US government sources say.
The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial.
He is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release.
US officials are determined that he should be sent to Saudi Arabia.
The Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.
On Earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot.
The buggy can also be controlled remotely, and in the future Nasa says this system can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving.
Samantha says she thinks she's 'fabulous'
'I adore who I am – inside and out'
John Carver is not happy with recent criticism aimed at his struggling side.
Michael Owen captained the Newcastle side which was relegated to the Championship in 2009.
Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI.
The study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds.
Jason Robinson: Sports Life Stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on Tuesday.
The 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan.
Robinson played a key role in England's 2003 World Cup win against Australia.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse.
He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail.
San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said last week that he was 'disturbed and troubled' by the video.
Pusok's pregnant girlfriend, Jolene Bindner, says some of the prior charges against her longtime partner have been trumped up.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match.
The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead.
O'Sullivan was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session.
Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities.
Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage.
This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
On Monday, Mr Obama's annual reading of his favorite childhood book Where the Wild Things Are was a highlight of the day.
The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices.
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot.
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months.
Tiger Woods has his name inscribed on his putter and will hope it brings him luck.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed.
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night.
Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture.
Biso the cat had been stuck behind a wall in a Cairo train station for five years.
He had squeezed into the hole as a kitten in 2010 - but soon became to big.
Elderly man named Uncle Abdo fed him scraps of food every day.
Now, the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign.
Sir John Major said SNP would use power to foster division in Westminster.
He said Nicola Sturgeon is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself.
Sir John said he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to Scotland would make independence more, not less, likely.
Labour had argued it would 'kill independence stone dead' but instead it 'fanned the flame' which lead to the referendum which left the Union 'battered' but intact.
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough from Nottingham Forest.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion.
Bamford has just over a year left on his deal at Stamford Bridge.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United.
The 25-year-old had been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Smalling has made 147 appearances for United and won two Premier League titles.
He was due to be out of contract next summer but has now committed himself to United until 2019.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters'
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in past two weeks.
Ukip deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as 'devastating tragedy'
EU leaders will meet in Brussels on Thursday to discuss 10-point plan.
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26.
But Bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time.
Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years.
Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.
It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
On August 10, 2014, the church held a 'pig wrestling' event where the animals were 'punched in the face, kicked, body-slammed, yelled at and thrown onto a barrel'
French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.
She is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm - and both images are then judged independently by people on the street.
Louis van Gaal was pictured with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen in a restaurant on Sunday night.
Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing's Chinese restaurant.
Van Gaal was at the go-to restaurant for footballers and celebrities with his wife Truss and friends.
The group seemed in high spirits after United's 4-2 humiliation of their neighbours City at Old Trafford.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.
She was told she only had between nine months to three years to live.
But four days before she died, her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha and Kelly noticed her ring was missing from her finger.
The family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final.
Philippe Coutinho gave Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood almost scored a late equaliser to force extra-time.
Liverpool will now play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19.
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page.
This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol.
Survey of 4,000 British adults found 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem.
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk.
Young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated.
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent her final sex change operation last week.
She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released early.
Now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in Kent.
Former boxing promoter has three children from two marriages.
Thief scaled two-storey antique market before squeezing down shaft.
He picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams.
Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and escaping.
The eight-minute raid has been likened to a Mission Impossible film.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The striker scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico.
Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth.
The A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife.
Here, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.
The student, who asked to remain anonymous, said that she didn't immediately turn to prostitution but used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her.
She said that money worries meant she began to struggle academically as well as financially.
PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland.
The 21-year-old has been linked with a £25m move to Manchester United.
Depay has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
She started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body.
Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week which is how she maintains her impressive body.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.
The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position  was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2.
City finished the Premier League season in 17th, two places above the drop zone.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit.
New Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers.
But HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation.
Sir Andrew Motion accuses town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish.
The NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her.
The woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness.
She was listed in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to her legs and bruising.
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite.
Video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on Tuesday.
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Mourinho has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season.
The Blues have had some wonderful moments this season.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains.
Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone.
Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt.
The couple are said to be'soulmates' and certainly seemed to be very much in love.
Andrea Catherwood stayed at the Hotel Arts, a modern masterpiece of the city.
It's a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel.
At the foot of the hotel is Frank Gehry's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish.
Cesc Fabregas scored an 87 minute winner for Chelsea at Loftus Road.
Jose Mourinho's side struggled to get into their rhythm.
Thibaut Courtois made a series of impressive saves to deny Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her at his Tribeca office on Friday night.
But a recorded conversation between Weinstein and the model shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.
Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill says the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping.
When buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford.
He advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal.
The best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet.
The 17- and 12-year-old were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment, a relative told police.
They also allegedly never took either of the children to a doctor or dentist.
Pep Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011.
The former Barcelona boss is bidding to reach his sixth semi-final.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the first leg on Wednesday night.
Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, stole £15,000 from Kanoo Travel in Derby.
She earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father.
But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, court heard.
Judge John Burgess ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work.
He said: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
England dominated St Kitts & Nevis XI in warm-up match.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets for 10.
Ben Stokes praised his team-mates for their performances.
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity.
It will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors.
These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'
The decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27.
Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare.
Referee Deniz Aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes.
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors.
One of those matches suspended for two years while fining the nation £36,280.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City.
The winger can be bought for £2.5million in the summer.
Sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa.
Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra'
The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'
Campaign group Collective Shout have slammed the restaurant for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women.
The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images.
Martin Odegaard was pictured with Cristiano Ronaldo on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January.
Odegaard has trained with Carlo Ancelotti's first team regularly.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters.
The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory.
Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day.
Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang.
Tang was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves.
The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
It's listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Lord Fellowes, 65, is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV.
He said: 'Doctor Thorne is one of my favourite novels. It is romantic and funny and I am absolutely delighted to be doing it. I said yes to it straight away'
TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville and Lily James would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary in the new TV adaptation.
Zachary Davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh.
On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing.
Davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson.
The court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene as his trial began on Monday.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Virgil van Dijk scored the only goal of the game for the Hoops.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points behind Aberdeen in the SPL.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force.
Ireland legend says it's a money issue for English sides and they need Roman Abramovich style investment.
Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup semi-finals.
The girls of the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18, however in a concession to safety, the knives are not real.
Every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training to assist them in identifying dangerous situations.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the WBC super-middleweight title.
Jack beat Dirrell 116-112 and 115-113 on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion.
The Swede will now face mandatory challenger George Groves.
Survey by Matalan reveals almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pets to in-laws.
22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above grandparents.
More than one in 10 British families now live in 'blended' families.
A fifth of all children have participated in their own parents' wedding.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up.
England will leave St Kitts and head to Antigua for the first Test.
Captain Alastair Cook made 22 runs in the morning session before retiring.
Ian Bell looked in fluent touch as he was unbeaten on 43 when he retired.
Colin Farrell, 38, says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.
He has been linked with Angelina Jolie, Demi Moore, Britney Spears, Elizabeth Taylor.
The Irish actor is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of True Detective.
But he insists that his time now is dedicated to clean living and seeing his two sons James Padraig, 11, and Henry Tadeusz, five.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of second West Indies Test.
Ali recovered quicker than expected form a rib injury.
England face Australia in the second Test in Grenada on April 21.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen.
The 25-year-old has lived in the United Kingdom for seven years.
Bedene beat Maxime Chazal 6-3 6-2 in Casablanca Open qualifying.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear today.
He was arrested at Luton Airport on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the Terrorism Act 2006.
Rashid was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from consuming drinks.
The rule has been enforced to protect the long-term health of pupils.
But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict.
They claim many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area.
Dawn Milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle.
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast.
He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
The search engine revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage, which can be accessed by typing in com.google and shows search results flipped around.
Kelly Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos pulled off a brilliant April Fool as they co-hosted Live! With Kelly And Michael on Wednesday morning.
China has criticised the United States over accusations it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands in the disputed South China Sea.
But China's leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
New satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands.
The area where China is constructing artificial islands is claimed by many other countries in the region.
Sportsmail can reveal the shocking, acidic culture of discrimination aimed at Premier League football clubs and their players on the internet.
Mario Balotelli receives the most abuse and Chelsea the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media.
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion.
The Baggies are set to make a £3million move for the defender.
Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back.
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old.
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.
Teasers for the ITV programme start tonight at 9pm.
The plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, revealed that interns are paid just £25 per week for working 12-hour days.
Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.
Mr Perkins is defending a narrow majority of just 500 votes over the Lib Dems in Chesterfield.
Amanda Knox, 27, was exonerated of the 2007 murder of British student, Meredith Kercher in late March.
Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, were found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars, but were acquitted in 2011.
She returned to the United States protesting her innocence, but in January 2014, the Italian courts overturned that acquittal and reinstated the guilty verdict.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull in January.
The 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
He was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, on Friday.
His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information on his whereabouts.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, had a tenth birthday party on Saturday that she'll never forget.
Her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
So Mackenzie's mother Jenny went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls around her age to stop by their family home.
She received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined a Facebook event titled, 'MACKenzie's Birthday Party'
People came with gifts, food, chairs and even
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor.
A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment.
It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
The goal is to enable people of all sight levels to enjoy shows.
Manchester City host United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off.
Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour.
Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match was chosen for a 5.30pm start.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car.
He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene.
Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
No one has been arrested over the shooting.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
He said Britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation.
He warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain makes changes.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent.
Later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train.
As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face.
He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene.
Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault at Maidstone Crown Court.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner didn't attend Wembley on Sunday.
The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance.
Tim Sherwood said: 'I've not spoken to him yet. My phone is buzzing in my pocket but I don't know who it is'
Ben Stokes was given a send-off by Marlon Samuels in the second Test.
The Durham all-rounder saluted Stokes on his way to the pavilion.
England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to Joe Root's 118.
Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather.
The driver is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just 'buy another one tomorrow'
Christopher Wheeler, 54, worked at exclusive Tower Hill school in Delaware.
He had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts.
Police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013.
One showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male.
Wheeler was fired from job he had held for nine years, which had salary of nearly $3700,000.
Investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son.
Nikolai has however denied the allegations and Wheeler has not faced abuse charges.
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day.
Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle.
Xie carries Zhang around the school's campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes.
TOWIE star Joey Essex met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby.
Essex said the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a'really, really reem guy'
Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
As the stunt took a bizarre twist, the Ukip leader hailed the TV star as an 'icon of youth'
Jen Psaki is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency.
She is scheduled to give birth to identical twin boys in May, just as her husband, Brian, plans to start as press secretary for Hillary Rodham Clinton's impending presidential campaign.
'All workplaces are adapting and that includes the White House,' said Obama legislative director Katie Beirne Fallon.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month.
The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
Bradey cut several of his main arteries on the broken glass and lost so much blood that he fainted as he reached the front of the house.
He has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein
School safety experts have reported a 'worrying increase' in e-terrorism, where threats are sent electronically - sometimes from thousands of miles away.
The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year.
Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper'
Police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, Spain, and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.
Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs.
This raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions to attract a mate.
Palaeontologists say the plates could have been used to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to perform a concert for the Sandy Hook Promise group on July 17.
Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
McGraw's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash saying, 'I've never been one to take on controversial issues - I'm a singer'
US Department of the Treasury officials insist the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down.
They argued that Joan Langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003.
Langbord's father, jeweler Israel Switt, had dealings with the Mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings.
A jury in 2012 sided with the government but the appeals court returned the coins to the Langbords because US officials had not responded within a 90-day limit to
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars.
He was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
According to Houston city codes - Burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots.
The uniforms have not been changed for more than a decade.
Mr Grant will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms.
He will take inspiration from historical uniforms, which have evolved considerably since the 1930s.
In the 1950s pilots wore nautical-style jackets and trouser with white caps.
Diego Maradona guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986.
The 54-year-old has not worked since leaving Al-Wasl in 2012.
Maradona has undergone gastric bypass surgery since retiring from football.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium.
The striker applied the finish to give the visitors the lead.
Brighton had to improve in the second half and brought on Leon Best.
Beram Kayal should have put the visitors on level terms.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend.
Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.
Liverpool face West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday.
Amir Khan has met with Adrien Broner ahead of a possible fight.
Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently.
British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday.
When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace'
Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
After being dragged back from the ledge, the woman is then placed in the patrol car and can be then heard crying.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara.
McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results.
Since selling Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day, United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of their cross-town rivals.
Man City have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points off the leaders.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
Edmond, who was the personal trainer on ITV's The Biggest Loser, rolled the barrel for 12 hours a day.
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation.
The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Astle scored the winner against Everton in the FA Cup final.
Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to keep Wolves in the Championship play-off hunt.
The Black Country side were heading for a third successive defeat.
Molineux manager Kenny Jackett had wanted a frenetic start and got that through quick striker Nouha Dicko.
Dicko had been left out of the starting line-up for the previous game at Middlesbrough.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
She said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
Perino said the president had been in no hurry to leave the soldier's room as the mother screamed at him.
On that same day at the hospital, Perino said Bush met a young Marine who opened his eyes for the first time while the president was in the room to award him
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown.
But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail.
Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
According to Henry Rayhon's family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage.
Doaa and Umm were smuggled from Raqqa to southern Turkey earlier this year.
Pair revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules.
They were paid around £70 a month by the brutal al-Khansa Brigade.
Now the pair are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who are following them.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season.
Andrew Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year, 17 more than any other Hull defender.
Leonardo Ulloa didn't come cheap for Leicester and must help them survive to avoid dropping down a league.
Dwight Gayle has gone eight games without a goal for Crystal Palace.
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
The top three finishers in the Premier League qualify automatically for the Champions League.
City have around £12million resting on reaching their European target.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park.
Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's motivation.
The Dutchman fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure to United in the race for fourth.
In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging super-light and strong Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria.
But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry.
By studying the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of Valeyrian steel, he concludes it isn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run.
Chris Ramsey's side remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety.
QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a 'boring' club.
Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state Newcastle are currently in.
Former Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn says Ashley must try to reconnect with the club's fans.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash.
Harry Kane made his England senior debut against Lithuania.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision.
Tottenham fear Kane may suffer burnout ahead of the U21 European Championships.
Princess Beatrice seen at Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month.
The 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to onlooker.
She was in Gulf state, ruled by controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
Beatrice is described as 'working full-time' on her father's website.
The famous Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut.
It has been told all animals must be handed over by Friday or they will be seized.
Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the tigers.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go.
The Villarreal defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle.
Getafe drew level with a Diego Castro header on 64 minutes.
Villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions.
Eamon Sullivan and girlfriend Naomi Bass recently got engaged in Japan.
The couple met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan proposed to Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto.
Sullivan won two Olympic silver medals in Beijing.
Male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition.
Sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport.
Study may shed light on workplace dynamics, by claiming that while men enjoy competition in the office, women like to be part of a team.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business.
Chapman, founder of fashion line Marchesa, is humiliated by her husband she married in 2007, and is someone who has 'loved Harry through his charms and flaws,' a source said.
Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office.
A spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl.
The little girl was found alone and naked in a parking lot at Jim's Burgers in Gardena, California, on April 2.
Police say the key to tracking down Ikeler was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car.
CCTV footage of the car - a white Nissan Altima - was the way police were able to track Ikeler down, after a neighbor saw it on the news and then
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch the new Puma boot.
The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the German.
Aguero also praised his opponent for giving him a tough game.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit.
Some of the women appear to struggle with the cumbersome weapons.
The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
It is the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history.
The first two of the three fights between the Sugar Man and Hands of Stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing.
Users can download their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record.
The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
Google stresses that only account holders can see their data.
Tony Abbott sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia.
Hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on Saturday night.
He won power in 2013 on a'stop the boats' pledge, and not a single one has breached his ring of steel in 18 months.
EU leaders including David Cameron are meeting tomorrow in what charities are calling a 'life or death' summit to solve the problem.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes have joined the appeals calling for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death.
The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast.
Tsarnaev's defense attorneys have tried to paint him as secondary in a plot orchestrated by his extreme older brother Tamerlan.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 by Jerome Taylor in the second innings.
Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed.
Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team.
Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them.
They found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.
The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade.
His hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin.
He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital.
Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and bags of what looks like marijuana.
In many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances, with captions such as 'High Life'
Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
As he is a minor, DailyMail.com will not identify the little boy.
Ashya King's chances of long-term survival could have been halved.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King fled abroad with him before he had treatment.
Dr Peter Wilson said chemotherapy was essential to reduce chances of cancer returning.
He said: 'I personally received a letter from a person who said they wished my children got cancer and died'
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant.
It centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens.
The latter is the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for crash.
They have fled their home in Montabaur and have no plans to return.
The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home.
Joshua Corbett, 39, appeared in court today for a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into actress Sandra Bullock's house last summer.
Bullock called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Corbett.
A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes.
Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons.
She also wants couples to be made to sort out arrangements for children and money.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was refused entry.
Post Office employee shouted from behind counter that he would have to leave dog outside.
Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog.
But employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside.
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for Span.
Mother-of-two from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was only 17 years old.
She posed seductively for the camera under her model pseudonym Sherry Morris.
Dunn went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn three years later.
Hillary Clinton's security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle – a second Scooby.
After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa, a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle.
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates.
While the original van – the one nicknamed 'Scooby' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the rout at the Bernabeu.
Karim Benzema hailed his team-mate Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon'
Ronaldo is only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for Madrid.
Nakhi Wells and James Vaughan gave Huddersfield the lead in the first half.
Luke Varney doubled Ipswich's lead early in the second period.
Nahki Wells equalised for the home side after 12 minutes.
Mick McCarthy's side have now lost four of their last five away games.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009.
It was combined with tax and real estate data in a paper published by the Commerce Department.
Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre.
New Jersey had acre values above $100,000 with Rhode Island's $133,730, Connecticut's $128,820 and Massachusetts $102,210.
Bishops in the USA have slammed Wolf Hall after it was broadcast.
The six-part series is a 'work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view'
The review also slates the depiction of Catholic martyr Sir Thomas More as an 'evidence-flouting caricature' that is'sleazy, mean-spirited and just plain rude'
A Washington Post reviewer warned the distortion of historical facts in Wolf Hall pointed to 'ideological bias'
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats.
But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
The canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
She then proceeds to spit it out on the floor.
Ricardo Moniz has been appointed as Notts County's new manager.
The Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation.
Notts County have been without a permanent manager since Shaun Derry's departure.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires.
The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15.
McCoy's last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has 20 runners.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Hamilton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen to extend his lead in the championship.
Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike will go down in history as one of the Premier League's greatest ever goals.
The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot.
Adam's strike was hit such power that the back-pedaling Thibaut Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it.
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters.
Phil Mickelson and Jordan Spieth have impressed in the run up to the tournament.
Spieth, only 21, has since risen to number four in the world.
Tony Pulis returns to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
West Brom are seven points above the bottom three.
Pulis has never finished higher than 11th in the Premier League.
Alan Pardew has a top-five finish at Newcastle United.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton.
The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before the game.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child could be first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years.
St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery.
Two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
Driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman.
He called police but his mother, from Wuhu, in Anhui Province, died.
Police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run.
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Officers have called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03, which runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack that drives six YASA-400 electric motors.
It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
The car is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28.
The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the'nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores'
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
Bollaert ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.
Natasha Hope-Simpson received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space.
She has a prosthetic leg that helps her walk and has been working hard on her walk to make it look natural.
The Nova Scotia woman is an artist and has accepted her loss by taking in an opportunity to create wearable art.
Jameela Jamil, 29, has presented the Radio 1 Chart Show and programmes for Channel 4.
She thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus.
Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury.
With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
Amalgam is banned in countries such as Sweden and Norway.
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.
Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively.
Food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
Eden Hazard scored the winning goal against Manchester United last Saturday.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for Hazard.
The Real Madrid reserve boss is tipped as a future manager.
Iain Mackay, 40, allegedly got into a fight with Nilobon Patty, 35.
The couple had been seeing each other for three years.
But Mr Mackay ended their relationship last month as his work prevented him from settling down with her.
Ms Patty has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death'
She claims she was not with another man, but out with friends.
Mr Mackay allegedly cut himself with a piece of glass at a pool bar.
The SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is larger than usual seats.
It makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows.
The seat aims to address the issue of the safety for obese passengers.
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old striker is 'going nowhere' this summer.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem.
The 24-year-old is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester Tigers.
Launchbury's potential return vs Leicester would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena.
Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches by Darren Farley's impression of Michael Owen.
The Liverpool striker met up with Farley as part of a promotional video for BT Sport.
Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley.
Second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather.
Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana.
Weekley, the first-round leader after a 64, also was 11 under with three holes left.
Calvin Harris, 31, is the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100.
He stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme's obsession with fame.
His earning power is nothing short of breathtaking.
Last year alone he earned £45 million.
The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia.
The traditional game of Two Up involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
A punter simply bets a stake to win an amount of money, if they fail to win with the first bet they increase their stake to recover their
The Dharahara Tower, first built in 1832, has almost totally collapsed after more than 180 years.
The Bhimsen Tower, which was a gift to the queen, was also destroyed by the quake.
Kathmandu's three 'Durbar Squares', the courtyards outside the city's old royal palaces, were also devastated by the shocks.
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi denied the charges when she appeared in court on Wednesday.
She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer.
Igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity.
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night.
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.
And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter.
But not herself as she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy'
Boden seems to have finally cracked it, and the fashion world is raving about their latest collections.
With the mid-season sale now on, can this Boden sceptic be persuaded?
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians.
They accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine'
Four who signed the letter, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand'
Eyewitnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel in Grafton.
Nick Weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene, armed with two rubber sex toys.
Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death.
Figures were revealed following a Freedom of Information request.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 to temporary nurse.
It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed.
Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain.
He said he will set out exactly the choice before you on May 7.
Cameron said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of the UK's job growth now benefits British citizens.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train.
The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were abused.
Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists'
The woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral.
NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Brittney Griner and Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday.
They were released from jail at 4am on Thursday.
The pair announced their engagement last summer and are expected to wed next month.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation.
Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the'most disgusting, sickening thing'
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children.
She reached a worrying 20st 3lb and was afraid she was losing her femininity.
Went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight.
Dropped ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight.
Paul the Apostle converted to Christianity after seeing a bright light.
He was blinded for three days and heard a divine voice or sound.
But now astronomers believe the meteor that triggered his conversion may have been a meteor.
They say descriptions of Paul's experience match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013.
The fireball measuring 18 meters across screamed into Earth's atmosphere at 41,600 mph.
More than 1,600 people were injured by the shock wave from the explosion.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four.
He took others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire.
The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City last summer.
The defender has only made 16 appearances for City this season.
Sagna says he would make the same decision if faced with the decision again.
City are fourth in the Premier League, with Arsenal second.
Frenchwoman 'used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record'
She has since been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges.
Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher.
The teacher has denied any wrong doing, saying she was'very shocked'
Dr Jim Penman claims Britons have lost drive for innovation that epitomised Victorian era.
He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome.
But over subsequent centuries there was rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise.
Dr Penman made the claims in his book 'Biohistory: Decline and Fall of the West'
Jenson Button's McLaren broke down in practice on Friday.
The McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine.
Button was left to reflect on 'not a great day' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid.
Sports brand features prominently on leaflet distributed in Raqqa.
It warns ISIS jihadis about items they are no longer allowed to wear.
News comes after one militant decried popularity of Nike among ISIS.
He compared brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments.
He said: 'Why not use their talents and their experience?'
Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt.
Tory MP Andrew Bridgen has branded Blair a'megalomaniac' for his Newsweek remarks.
Michael Carrick has been instrumental in Manchester United's recent run of form.
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Carrick's contribution to the team.
The Dutchman has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term successor.
Gundogan's existing contract expires at the end of next season.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series.
Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for the English.
The victory is their first since February 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far.
South Africa still lead the way after collecting 19 points to move onto 129.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Four of the men are from Birmingham, West Midlands, police said.
A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held.
They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River.
He and a friend argued with three teens on the Wisconsin side of the river.
Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday.
The suspect is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year.
Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference, but Perry brought along her husband Bill, who sits on the county Board of Education.
Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop.
Romero is yet to make his senior debut for Velez.
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe.
From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version.
How do they stack up against the original?
All three of the main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school.
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’
He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.
Ms Trasca was ordered to pay Dr Valcu £1,500 in compensation and take out ads in national newspapers apologising for the joke.
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print.
The words 'Hello Ladies' are emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice.
American Apparel confirmed to WWD that the ad only has thus far only appeared in Vice, and the outlet noted that it was an interesting choice for the company to make because the magazine 'isn’t exactly known as female friendly'
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head.
At three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'
This is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out.
Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back.
As it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves this season.
The striker has added 12 more since joining Wolves on a permanent deal.
Afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.
Coney said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review.
Xabi Alonso fails to control a pass during the Rondo drill.
The Bayern Munich midfielder takes a tumble and the ball flies off in the opposite direction.
Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo passing drills in training.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park.
He crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera.
Mr Saeed managed to capture a couple of frames before retreating to safety.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer.
She allegedly squirted breast milk at a female officer during a strip search.
The mother of three was arrested on March 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant.
Leeder has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council.
Couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002.
But three years later, Jabreen claimed to be a private tenant.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid.
The 27-year-old will probably stay for another year but there will be no shortage of suitors for the Spaniard if he does decide he’s had enough.
Iker Casillas doesn’t want to leave but if Real Madrid sign David de Gea he may be more tempted.
Arsenal have been interested in the past and London would suit the Spain international.
Martin Montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for Dani Alves at Barcelona.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.
The space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
Lamadieu is based in France but travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities.
Jack Wilshere is being courted by Manchester City.
Arsene Wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of Burnley.
Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all available for selection.
Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years.
He found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.
Rafa Benitez was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012.
He was brought in on a mission to keep the club on course until the end of the season.
Chelsea finished 6th in the Premier League in 2011/12.
Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer.
Latika Bourke was adopted from India along with two of her siblings.
It never occurred to her that she should explore her origins in India.
She watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents didn't take her in their arms and change her life forever.
Latika has visited India every year since her first visit in 2012.
The nuns have kept a book with a handwritten record of the day she arrived and then when she was handed over to her adoptive parents.
A study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
The chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.
A set of children's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine, chlorine and lead.
Bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it.
Studies have found that chlorine causes cancer as well as thyroid and kidney disease.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria.
She is director of the charity which supports crime victims in her area.
Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim.
Critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force.
Ms Baird stood by her decision, telling MailOnline: 'All Ministry of Justice procedures and protocols were adhered to'
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday.
He had gun wounds to the chest and was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque in Acton.
Hassan Anyabwile, 53, from Trinidad and Tobago, was brought in to replace him.
The former preacher is named in a Trinidadian parliamentary report on an attempted coup which saw 24 people killed in 1990.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place.
The Colombian striker has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time.
Falcao scored a penalty against Kuwait on Monday, his third goal for his country in two games.
He has admitted he does not know whether he will be staying at Old Trafford next season.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000)
The checklist shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space.
It's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside.
The document is now being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic mission.
Steven Davis says Southampton have an advantage over Tottenham.
The Northern Ireland captain says the players never back away from the 'big game'
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack government over defence spending.
But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.
Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
He insisted the no-show was 'nothing to do with professionalism' amid claims Ukip was struggling to cope with increased scrutiny and demands on his time.
Guests are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the Siberian tiger.
Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat.
The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City.
The Real Madrid forward has said he wants to stay at the club.
Bale could be traded to help finance the inevitable signing of at least one platinum player during the summer.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke could be sold by the club if they receive a bid of over £30m this summer.
The Pebble watch was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
The battery charge lasts longer than other smartwatch screens — up to seven days — partly because it uses a low-energy screen (similar to a Kindle) that is readable in daylight.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
U.S. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members.
Mr Farage today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
He said his protest was sparked by hostile audience reaction to his argument that high levels of immigration were increasing pressure on the housing market.
Dr Mehmet Oz, 54, released a videotaped message previewing a special episode of his show Thursday, which will be dedicated to the controversy swirling around him.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 and has been hosting his health and wellness talk show since 2009.
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove him from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'
The show released a 25-second teaser clip to CNN Money featuring a part of Oz's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018.
The organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire.
Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages.
Aston Villa's players were able to read messages of support from fans.
Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe.
He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck.
It is now being tipped to sell for an estimated £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams auctioneers.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week.
He allegedly broke into actress Sandra Bullock's home last summer.
The 50-year-old was forced to make a desperate call to the police.
Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them.
Even when buried in sand, the matches can burn again once they are taken out and exposed to oxygen.
The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her.
Her landlord, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested in connection with her disappearance.
Spanish Police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the house in a quiet street in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid.
At least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from Argentina and the man's aunt has also not been found.
Freeman the cat was sitting in its front garden when two dogs pounced.
They dragged the cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the cat.
Police are now investigating after a woman collects the hounds.
The 90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour.
Pigwig had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood, Hampshire.
His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.
Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites.
The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube.
It comes as Ms Bines also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Ms Bines said she had come a long way and had developed a thicker skin to deal with the nasty comments.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations.
Doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do.
On Good Friday she told her husband she was 'popping out'
But he became anxious for her welfare and called the police.
At 2.35pm, police and ambulance crews were called to the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China.
The aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide.
Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games.
Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals.
Koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald lost their son eight years ago at the hands of his conman lover.
Gareth met Glen Rycroft, 37, in a gay online chat room and they started a dating in 2005.
Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds.
When his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit and threatened to go to the police, he murdered him.
Rycroft was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism.
Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, targeting people in uniform.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars.
Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision Monday to suspend two athlete management companies.
Rosa & Associati represented women's marathon star Rita Jeptoo, who was banned for two years for the banned blood booster EPO.
Jeremy Clarkson will appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25.
He was sacked from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon.
The 54-year-old was also sacked from the show after a steak dinner row.
Clarkson will appear as a guest presenter on the satirical panel show.
It is understood that bosses at the BBC took weeks to decide if he should be allowed to host the show.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.
Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied.
In the US, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
This is followed by Canada and Malaysia.
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was temporarily opened on Sunday.
It was unlocked in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family.
Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter.
The image has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook.
Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember'
They claim a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission.
The book is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski.
It enjoyed some viral success following its release, which coincided with the Superbowl.
Manny Pacquiao took time out from the gym ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
The Filipino boxer ran around one of North America's largest urban parks.
Pacquiao recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear during his $300million fight with Mayweather.
Home Secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ.
But Parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law.
She urged wavering Ukip supporters and four in ten voters who say they are still undecided to realise what is at stake for Britain’s security on May 7.
The helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo.
It is believed Thomaz Alckmin, son of the city governor, was one of the victims.
No one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which had been devastated by the impact.
Authorities said they were investigating the cause of the crash.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery.
She also revealed that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever.
Andreja underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year, and is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
Billy Vunipola faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon.
The 22-year-old could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait.
Saracens travel to France as underdogs this weekend.
Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup.
Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity'
The headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold, is credited with transforming the school's values in an effort to build pupils' characters.
Isco signed for Real Madrid from Malaga in the summer of 2013.
The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City.
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid.
It would be too much to ask him to fill Yaya Toure's boots.
Pete Evans is under fire for his'reworked' baby milk formula.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook.
The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
Evans' co-authors, wellness blogger Charlotte Carr and naturopath Helen Padrin, told Channel 7 the dangerous formula had been reworked and renamed 'Happy Tummy Brew'
The celebrity chef has been a proud paleo advocate.
The 'Fullips' device has already been seen at West End parties.
It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus.
This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday.
She suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud.
Witnesses have refused to come forward for fear of being punished for underage drinking.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
He hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
Mr Docherty said he lost control of his temper in the heat of the moment.
The victim’s scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack.
Harry Kane's first outing as captain of Tottenham failed to inspire Spurs.
Sean Dyche's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Kane at Turf Moor.
Isco has been in phenomenal form this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently.
The Spaniard admitted that he was unhappy after James Rodriguez's return to fitness.
Isco returned to the starting XI for the Champions League semi-final.
Siem de Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax.
The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February.
De Jong will feature for Newcastle's reserve side against Derby County.
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli.
But it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day.
Many people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #less weforget or #letsweforgot.
Others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras with their friends while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions.
Chelsy Davy, 29, stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch on Tuesday.
The Zimbabwean was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte.
Davy wore a white chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby.
Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suffering a suspected calf muscle tear.
The Holland full-back admitted Newcastle got exactly what they deserved - nothing.
Janmaat said: 'If you are not good enough, then most of the time, you lose'
Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division has four rounds of matches remaining.
Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey.
Top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
Three teams will be relegated to the second division.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent.
Tranmere are bottom of the league with two games to go.
Barnet and Bristol Rovers are battling for promotion.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family.
This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years.
Since the Marillac site in France was unearthed, the discovery of fossil remains of animals, humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for Neanderthals.
Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
New arrival will spend first few weeks at her Norfolk home.
Carole Middleton has become a permanent fixture at Anmer Hall.
In the nursery, nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge.
Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered from Annie Sloane store.
John Travolta has broken his silence on the controversial Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear.
The 61-year-old said he never intends to watch the documentary.
He said it's merely a showcase for ex-members 'who were disgruntled with their experiences' with Scientology.
'Why would I even approach a negative perspective? That would be a crime to me, personally, to do that,' he said.
The tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday.
Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
Cincinnati Police Officer Douglas Swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant.
Due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual.
FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies.
The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'
But the results were rather scary... and obvious.
Not only can you remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes, but you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches.
Marouane Fellaini is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday.
The Belgian was jeered by fans and pundits in a 3-0 loss last season.
Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of the midfielder.
Fellaini has scored three goals in United's revival.
Todd Phillips was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment.
Leicester go to West Brom on Saturday bottom of the Premier League.
Nigel Pearson's side are six points adrift from the survival line.
The Foxes beat West Ham 2-1 last weekend to end a run of just two points.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego.
He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Researchers at New York University have discovered that the brain can remember 'neutral' or boring events more easily when they are tied to an emotion.
The brain has the remarkable ability to store information that seems inconsequential at the time in case it becomes useful later on.
This study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli, such as evocative imagery or traumatic events.
Emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation.
Michelle, 27, has launched a stellar career since leaving Coronation Street.
She's managed to fit designing a new fashion range into her hectic schedule.
Says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water.
Also swears by LVL eyelash 'flicking' treatments.
Tents crushed by snow, belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims.
Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.
Beverley Davis was supposed to be helping care for 89-year-old Ray Warren.
But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164.
Mr Warren was so devastated he lay in bed at night worrying about money.
Davis, 35, pleaded guilty to five charges of fraud at Portsmouth Magistrates' Court.
She was jailed for a year at Portsmouth Crown Court for five counts of fraud.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, report says.
Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5 per cent of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050.
That number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million.
Dozens of Purple Hearts and two Defense of Freedom Medals were awarded at Fort Hood, Texas to victims and family of the 2009 terrorist attack.
The Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post.
Top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying.
Ten of the survivors remain on active duty.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday.
Carlo Ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 rout of Granada.
Isco and James Rodriguez will be available for the first time in two months.
Lionel Messi will be hoping to return to scoring form against Almeria.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities.
Manchester City Council was the worst offender for its size.
It has 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas.
The '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
In many cases, the results are said to last for hours, even days, with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for a lot longer
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark.
Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System.
It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species.
Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars.
While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.
But the Chelsea boss insists his one problem is that he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media.
Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth.
Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
TV regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog.
ITV received a further 35 complaints after Saturday's episode.
RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain's Got Talent 'to ascertain what methods were used'
Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend to tell her about it.
A report to the French government is urging eateries and customers to embrace 'le doggy bag'
A change in attitudes could save France up to €20 billion (£14 billion) a year.
French diners have previously seen doggy bags as 'embarrassing'
But one MP has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system.
The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses.
However the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial.
A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan from Leeds.
The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances.
Minchella and Leeds team-mate Zak Hardaker remain the subject of an investigation by the Rhinos into an assault.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night.
David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half.
Luis Suarez scored a double for the Catalans.
The Brazilian was substituted after 21 minutes.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
QPR remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above water.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad.
He was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest.
His family have paid tribute to 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
Counter-terror police are now leading the inquiry because of its potential 'international dimensions'
Just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning.
The drug tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells.
This means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether.
Researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients.
Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
Laptops were second, followed by tablets - with a fifth of homes owning two.
IAB UK Digital Adspend report found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera.
The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
'People thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' the woman said.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence.
This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal.
The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
The intrepid road trippers were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days.
Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users.
The campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area's prized landscapes and landmarks.
Miranda Devine has apologised after calling a rugby player a 'tosser'
David Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies.
Devine had assumed a gesture Pocock had made after scoring a try was 'jazz hands'
But unfortunately for Devine, it wasn't actually the hand shaking gesture that's become popular recently.
Prime Minister will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families.
But National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion.
Move will be funded by forcing councils to sell off most expensive properties.
Labour says it will make it worse by cutting low-cost social homes.
Daniel DeMarco, of Lodi, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.
DeMarco is employed as an officer for the New Milford, New Jersey, police department.
They have not said if he will face suspension.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.
British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the last eight.
Bedene switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain last month.
Sultan's forces defeated and killed Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, in 1799.
Duke of Wellington's forces plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne.
This month, a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
Ms Scott was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Stanford created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters.
He signed petitions to save violent galactic warfare games such as Stargate World and Stargate Resistant.
The gamer was like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender.
But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
The High Court has since overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson.
She claims Rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her.
Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner.
Gary Lineker labelled Nigel Farage a 'd***' during last night's leader's debate.
Former England footballer launched the scathing attack on the head of Ukip.
Leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head.
Opinion polls produced mixed results on who had 'won' the contest.
40 per cent of voters think David Cameron is'most capable of leading the country'
David Potchen, who robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June, now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members that had long been estranged.
The 53-year-old had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.
He had decided he needed to go back to prison after his years free had left him without a job or a place to stay and sleeping in mosquito-filled woods.
After stealing roughly $1,000 with a bank robbery note on the back of his resume,
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in a last-16 thriller at the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Frenchman will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer’s 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner.
Leeds United lost 2-1 to Charlton at Elland Road on Saturday.
Six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the game.
Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the chaos.
Former captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44.
Harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers.
Bates, a reserve deputy, accidentally pulled out his service weapon.
The 38-year-old comedian revolted his many followers after he uploaded the clip.
During the clip, Limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek.
In what has been described as a self-imposed 'bushtucker trial'
Jordan Waddingham scoured bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps.
The 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest.
Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps could have been living inside.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Wales wing has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
North left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries.
Wasps forward Nathan Hughes was sent off for dangerous play.
John Higgins and Graeme Dott led the Scottish charge on Sunday.
Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins.
The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target.
But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine.
Gary Ballance was left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts this season for the Blues.
Ray Parlour believes the Gunners should sell Wojciech Szczesny.
The former Arsenal midfielder believes Cech would be a 'no brainer'
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual.
The man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door.
Peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for the past 20 years.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care.
But their case was rejected.
The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon.
Moody and her father were living as a couple in Springfield, before moving to Klamath Falls and have had two children under two years of age.
In March, Moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building.
The stunt was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone.
He was promptly arrested by police and FBI teams moved in quickly afterwards with bomb disposal robots.
Philippe Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele.
Pele was a special guest for the Reds' league encounter vs rivals Manchester United last month.
Coutinho is on the six-man shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year.
Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia.
Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Cakes, chips and biscuits won't just impact on the waistline - they can adversely affect your memory.
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised.
Three cars were broken into during the match against Hull KR.
The Bulls are appealing for witnesses.
Michelle Obama made a special appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday.
The first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own.
She also jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which named Malia and sister Sasha among the 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014.
A stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 is located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation Carina.
In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars.
The image is part of a week of celebrations by Nasa to commemorate what is widely regarded as the most important space telescope of all.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds.
Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise.
Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Majnaric was so fond of his flock he once delivered CPR to an ailing member.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'
She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia.
Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1.
Natasha Flint scored a hat-trick as the Young Lions squad came from goal down to win.
England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel.
Casey, 26, has unveiled her summer collection with Honeyz.com.
The reality TV star teased fans with some pre-release pieces.
She says launching her own range is a 'dream come true'
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business.
Klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message has attracted national media attention.
The businessman claims he was taking a stand for conservative Christian values and amongst other issues, he is also promising a discount for gun owners.
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today.
The steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts thousands of tourists annually.
Over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year.
It is hoped that numbers can rise again to reach one million with the help of the Hokuriku Shinkansen Line opening last month.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush.
Keith Wolfe Smarch is descended from Skookum Jim, the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the Yukon in 1896.
The 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over.
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds.
A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday.
The carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of Brisbane.
Local speculation suggests the site is a common dumping ground for 'wasted' dogs used by people in the industry.
Police are now investigating whether the fires were deliberately lit and linked to the burning of the greyhound carcasses.
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
He says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian.
He also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
Global demand for beef is expected to soar over the next 30 years.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking.
He frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door.
But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away'
His Labradors Lexi and Nancy leaped into action and saved his life.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes alternative treatment will fight disease.
He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province, which he lies on above a fire below.
Jia has had a bone marrow transplant, costing £55,000, which was funded by well-wishers.
Coming from a family of poor farm workers, further hospital treatments have used up his remaining funds.
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to ensure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure.
Separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry.
Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil.
He was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship.
Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.
Malek was also pictured with his alleged smuggler accomplice, a 26-year-old Syrian crew member named Mahmud Bikhit, who charged with 'aiding illegal immigration'
Both men were to be put before a judge later today.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.
Juventus rested several players ahead of Champions League quarter final.
Genoa beat Cagliari 2-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country.
The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City.
According to Defence figures released in 2012, the $100 million vessel has an average running cost of $201,621 each day.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday.
The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition.
It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them.
Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute.
Southampton are currently seventh in the Premier League table.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers.
QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
The biggest under-achievers are QPR, with a £75.3million wage bill.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute.
Odion Ighalo added a second on 65 minutes to make it 2-0 with 25 minutes to go.
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli made a hash of the basics.
Executives at Coronation Street have overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns.
Katy Cavanagh, who played Julie Carp, was said to have been given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart.
Complaints from fellow actors have led bosses to relent and enable their 'talent' to take on radio voiceover jobs.
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on April 3.
Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
A section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
NSW Police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident.
People can upload footage and photos to the Crime Stoppers website anonymously.
Colin Turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim, 39.
Pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at Priory School.
School's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on the pair.
Mr Turnbull, who has worked at the school for nine years, has not commented.
Number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010.
Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259.
Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney was a close second at 3075.
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday.
The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield.
O'Sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials.
Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder.
Brennan, 36, will be charged with possession of a destructive device, and one part possession of components capable of making a component device.
Kimi Raikkonen's contract finishes at the end of the current Formula One season.
Finn has never been happier working with a team in his entire F1 career.
Raikkonen has been urged to improve his performances if he wants to stay.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China.
Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, left her at home on her own.
She now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that Bikram yoga raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke.
A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) with 40 per cent humidity.
Scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks.
Kevin Franklin will light up his Christmas lights on the front of his home tonight.
The 53-year-old kept them up after Christmas ahead of autism week.
But he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April for Autism Awareness Month.
Mr Franklin's 15-year old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability.
Ed Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments.
He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow.
Critics fear that it could lead to the SNP and Labour veering increasingly to the Left by promising a more generous benefits system.
Warrington crashed to a third straight Super League defeat.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe.
The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar.
For £7, customers will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg.
One half is served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate.
Kayonna Cole filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles.
She remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Kayonna holds her hand steady and remains calm as the tarantula removes its fangs from her skin.
Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday.
Hazard is one of the elite in English football with dazzling runs and the sparkling feet that can open up the best defences in the league.
The Chelsea winger has been imperious this season as Jose Mourinho's side close in on a double of Capital One Cup and Premier League titles.
On Sunday, April 26 the PFA players' player of the year award could be his.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's crimes online.
He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court.
Miss Handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term.
She has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept away.
Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk.
She spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing about 6pm Friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio.
More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.
At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
Nicholas Slatten was sentenced to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others.
Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison.
Defense lawyers argued for leniency but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility.
The legal fight over the killings has spanned years.
Levar Jones, 36, was on his way home from work when he was shot.
Officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been fired and charged with felony assault.
Mr Jones has no criminal record and was unarmed when pulled over.
He said he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police.
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's Chatty Man.
The Manchester City midfielder was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Lampard believes that football is changing and losing its macho persona.
Former West Ham United midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger came out as being gay not long after Robbie Rogers.
Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain is keen for Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.
Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career.
The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday.
Despite winning the Premier League last season, City boss Manuel Pellegrini has come under-fire this term.
Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming.
He believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street.
Steve claims these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while filming a music video in Maryland Wednesday.
He was accompanied by as many as 20 people when a gun being used as an accessory went off, killing the musician.
On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in the West Indies squad for the first Test against England.
The islanders have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach Phil Simmons.
Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down.
Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday.
The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash.
He had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives.
When it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register.
Urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied and dried them.
He hid his iPhone inside to film through the hole and hid it under cubicles.
Dr admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.
Indonesia's attorney-general says Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals.
The convicted Australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday.
Court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations.
They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action, to be
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Richard Cockerill believes the Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action.
The 22-game Premiership campaign concludes on May 16.
Wi-Fi Calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal.
EE users on iPhone will see a Wi-Fi calling section appear in the settings app of their phone, which must be switched to allow to enable the feature.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed.
Hannah James, 26, had taken him to bed with her at family home in West Wales.
The next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive'
Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
Welsh government said it will consider the coroner’s comments.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion.
The collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties.
Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano were among the star attendees at the presentation.
Danny Lambo, 37, paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn, 29.
The bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories.
Danny, whose actual surname is Karne, is known as 'Lambo' because of his passion for Lamborghinis.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week.
Upright's daughter, Jill McLain, said the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics.
He retired after a career in the building automation industry.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to retire with as much as $100m (£67m) in the bank.
Pacquiao is a politician in the Philippines having been elected as a congressman in 2010.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Ten Pieces produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces.
The collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways, and are suitable for day to night wear.
KFC has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One.
The third episode focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC's rebranding exercise.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton heard from alleged victims.
A woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age.
Another victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
The commission will be hearing from 13 former residents of the orphanage located in south-east Queensland.
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida.
Two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away.
The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old joins Alan Solomons' side on a two-year deal.
Allen has never lived outside of Belfast.
Daniel Agger is to be investigated by the country's FA after allegedly elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before by covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket.
The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013.
Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
But Superior Court Justice Ann Murray had rejected Norris' insanity defense and found her guilty.
Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at Southampton next summer.
Manchester United are interested in signing the England right back.
Ronald Koeman understands Clyne's ambitions and wants him to stay.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth victory of his career in China.
Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third.
Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers' championship.
Providenciales, north-east of Cuba, was named the best island in the world.
Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras were also named best islands.
Europe's best island is Santorini, Greece, which was also named fourth best.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine.
The antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells.
As a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load.
Scientists hope the breakthrough will result in new therapeutic vaccines.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Golfbidder.co.uk has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package.
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance.
She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa.
Day went on trips to tourist hotspot in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but failed to tell the authorities.
The Taxpayers' Alliance said Day's sentence would do little to discourage others from committing benefit fraud.
Transport for London has removed the posters from the London Underground.
The posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield.
They have caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures.
Prince William will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born later this month.
The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance.
He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
The 28-year-old started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members.
Mr Jones was escorted out of the building leaving other local candidates to take part in the debate without him.
Apple is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June.
Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.
Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months.
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football.
Louis van Gaal did not rate the £29million summer signing.
But the 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer.
The United States Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) revealed the recall on Tuesday.
Jars with the product numbers '1239575081515' and ending at '12595750821' are being recalled, all of which have the establishment number 'P-68A'
The baby food jars fall under a Class I recall, which the FSIS describes as 'a health hazard situation'
Sheree Morgan, 25, and sister Sophie, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money.
Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman.
The couple, a man aged 86, and his 84-year old wife from Cardiff were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
He urged the elderly couple to transfer their money into various accounts 'for their own security'
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out.
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital.
City hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building.
Joel Wilkinson, from Hull, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
His parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.
They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
Now, they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible.
Phoebe, five, helps him put on his shoes, fasten up his coat and even helps fetch him his cereals in the morning.
Hawaii Museum of Art handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession.
Authorities found they had been smuggled into the U.S. by Subhash Kapoor.
They will be taken back to New York and returned to India's government.
Officials say Kapoor created false provenances for the antiquities.
A video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
Over half, 54 per cent, also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease affects their pets as well as themselves.
Symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms.
Serge Gnabry has not played for the first team since March last year.
The 19-year-old has not featured since the Champions League last-16 second leg against Bayern Munich in March 2014.
Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world.
The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf.
Guests will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club, which sits along 200m of private beachfront.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday, four months after the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub.
The child was not hurt.
McCassin is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea.
The former Liverpool midfielder sent Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way.
Swansea had dominated much of the opening half of play.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up.
He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, court told.
The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her phone and brutally attacked her.
His violence and stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
Burnett, 30, admitted aggravated harassment and making threats to kill.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County.
Around 11:30 A.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them.
Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads.
More than 48 residents at the Guardian Court apartments had been taken out by boat, including second floor residents who were given to the choice to leave.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week.
Her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party.
A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
He told police where to find the body parts in two different locations.
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra.
They are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as or
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' tournament birdie record.
Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.
The heartwarming clip featured on the People's DailyOnline shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was evicted from his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.
They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated.
It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62.
Mr Keenan's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia!
It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece.
The island lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page.
He said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'
Police chased him on foot before finally grabbing him.
Heritage was thrown in the cells for the night and charged with theft.
Just 32 per cent of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs.
Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.
More than 70 per cent rightly identified chicken as main source of food poisoning.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.
Knox played with Mcilroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year.
McIlroy wrote Knox a letter asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future.
Dr Adrian Quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy.
Satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors, to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
The energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge.
He said: 'They did not need to have the ins and outs of classical music explained to them'
Radio 3 is the least listened-to of the BBC's main stations with just two million listeners.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.
His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote Eli's story.
The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints.
Eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio.
This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours.
BBC director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall to the BBC Trust.
Matt Phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest in Europe's top five leagues.
The Hoops winger also scored QPR's opening goal against Aston Villa.
Lionel Messi has made more assists this year than any other player.
Phillips is level with Wolfsburg playmaker Kevin de Bruyne.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are now in the top four in the Premier League.
Van Gaal has been dropping hints about his philosophy all season.
Marouane Fellaini was public enemy No 1 last season.
Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the Election.
Investigation came after Ms Sturgeon claimed she was the victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks'
Row followed allegation she told French ambassador she would prefer a Tory General Election victory – partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not 'PM material'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia.
They teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people's every day lives.
Shannah has been a life coach for 15 years, while Lyndall started her career in a wellness retreat 22 years ago.
Through their courses they work with executives and staff from organisations such as NAB, Macquarie Bank, PwC, kikki,K, Sportsgirl, Commonwealth Bank, Hewlett Packard and Mercedes Benz.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
Nagobads, who is recovering at home, said on Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show.
Presenter took to Twitter to announce he would not be returning to the hugely-popular series.
The announcement came as the show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives'
Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain ice hockey debut.
The 20-year-old forward was included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week.
But Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett.
He is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants.
Christine Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence.
Police raided her one-bedroom bungalow in Bowthorpe, Norwich, in November 2013.
Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.
But this week the 67-year-old walked free from court.
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin'
The plane began tumbling through the air on Friday.
Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis.
An investigation determined that the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board.
A 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police.
Officers and firefighters followed the fugitive into the murky waters of Brush Creek and fished him out early Friday morning.
The suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg.
He may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world.
It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato.
The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long.
John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question.
He turned the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips at a price of £2.75.
The 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
Mr Clarkson says the savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch.
She pleaded for the order to be reversed and was shut down by the courts again in a final plea to gain custody of her children.
But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute.
Giersch, who is a German citizen residing in France, was deported from the U.S. over allegations of visa fraud.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before departing to Tottenham.
Pochettino has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both Spurs and Southampton.
The Argentine has scored 31 goals in all competitions this season.
England beat West Indies by 130 runs in the first Test in Antigua.
Gary Ballance scored a fourth Test century in only his ninth match for England.
Alastair Cook's side set a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
JJ Watt, 26, performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump.
An impressive feat for a man who weighs nearly 300 pounds.
The Houston Texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with Reebok.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds'
They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts to Tudor pavilions.
Women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven.
The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.
But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
The dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League.
Paul Scholes believes Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe’s premier club competition.
Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.
He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
The amazing scene was captured on camera by wildlife photographer.
Goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year.
It retains something of its European flavour, a leftover from its days as a Portuguese colony for 450 years.
You can eat famously here for no more than £20 a head.
Gold and silver bars had been loaded in Murmansk onto a former Irish Sea ferry.
They were being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons.
But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
The incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster Queen's engineers.
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica.
The 23-year-old has struggled for first-team action at the King Power Stadium.
Oliveira is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three and four weeks.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp.
British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945.
Today, seventy years on, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
Joachim Gauck, the German president, said the British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
American Airlines is tapping into the youth market with the introduction of their new in-flight music.
New 'indie' cabin playlists feature rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier.
The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline's previous cabin music.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest.
It was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag.
New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up.
House-prices across New Zealand are on the rise, with the average in Auckland around $766,000.
A gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada.
Police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League this season.
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results.
Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing'
Wayne Heneker shot dead a masked gunman, only to find out seconds later the man was his friend.
The father-of-two said he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago.
Mr Heneker said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life.
Andres Iniesta scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG on Tuesday.
The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season.
Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes with a mesmeric run and pass for Neymar to score his first goal of the evening.
Neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season.
Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years.
His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column.
Esser is now an elder statesman of the national Press.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 2-1.
The 24-year-old has now scored 14 goals in his last 17 games.
Griffiths is currently Celtic's top scorer.
Lalit Verma accused of beating boy named only as Shiva, 11.
Alleged beating was so severe that child complained of stomach ache.
Verman charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Child's body has now been taken for post-mortem to establish cause of death.
Tottenham face Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday.
Ben Davies will be hoping to make his first Spurs appearance since QPR.
Burnley are currently 18th in the Premier League table.
Davies was part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0.
The ad world's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience.
We've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation's national newspapers or glossy magazines.
The men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them...albeit with a decade added on.
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands.
The pair were involved in a disagreement last week.
Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad.
Newcastle face Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old struggled to make an impact in midfield for Chelsea.
Fabregas was given just four out of 10 by one Spanish newspaper.
Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his deep-lying playmaker.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
He is working with a mental health therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems.
'I know I'm responsible for my actions,' the columnist wrote for the Des Moines Register.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties.
He would steal laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.
But he was caught after he left behind a bag containing a previous police charge sheet.
Woolaston was sentenced to four years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court.
Mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother.
Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
Camels are a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the Persian Gulf, and are used for racing and transport.
Eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of friendly bacteria.
The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs.
While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
'I said, "What? Is that the fire?!"' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air.
Police were called to a reported break in at a house in Hagerstown, Maryland, before using a Taser on a black man who was staggering around outside.
The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
Hagerstown police have asked the Washington County Sheriff's Office to investigate the incident.
Sheriff Douglas Mullendore says the investigation will be independent and thorough.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16.
The 19-year-old has scored six tries in just six Super League appearances.
Leeds are six points clear at the top of Super League.
Karen Gaynor, 53, appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree.
A complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye.
But magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the mother-of-two not guilty.
Ms Gaynor was locked in a police cell for six hours and put on bail for seven months.
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month.
The Parkhead club have already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18.
Tickets were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Former Rangers chairman Walter Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned as chairman.
King has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom.
Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare.
She said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families.
Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored.
Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher accused Toure of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's free-kick.
Carragher said Toure did not do enough to prevent the winner.
Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone over the last year.
The reality TV star has come under fire for this picture in which she appears to be very slim.
Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan and Marnie Simpson have also all dropped the pounds over the past 12 months.
Dr Marilyn Glenville said there is a lot of pressure on women in the media to try and stay thin.
Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, had previously attacked his mother on two occasions.
He left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches.
Norris-Jones was handed a restraining order banning him from visiting her.
Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' and added: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' and asked her to massage him during a consultation.
The woman was having suicidal thoughts at the time.
Mr Dewar initially denied any of the events took place during his consultation, telling investigators that he had 'brain confusion'
He also said he asked the woman for a massage as he had hurt his neck while reversing on the way to her house.
Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League.
Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle.
Thomas is free to take up the short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16.
Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's daughters were targeted by online predator.
Ms Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself, pretending.
Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic faces Lionel Messi at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
PSG beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg in France.
Ibrahimovic will be convinced that PSG can progress against Barca.
The Sweden international was suspended for first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered health complications.
He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, in March last year.
Coroner Ian Arrow said: 'On the balance of probability, Mr Dawe's health was compromised (by the assault) and he died earlier than expected'
Richard Attenborough's possessions will be sold at auction house Bonhams.
They include mementoes of a brilliant career in movies, stretching from the tunnels of The Great Escape to the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park.
The actor-director died aged 90 last year aged 90.
His son Michael said: 'It is simply not possible to keep it all'
Man, who cannot be named, raped his daughter repeatedly from when she was 10.
He was given a life sentence at Derby Crown Court after jurors heard how he 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse.
His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when her mother did not live with them.
As she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'I love you and miss you'
The pair fled but were apprehended by police and the man taken into custody.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked Britain.
Thusha Kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.
Bryan and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home in Croydon, south London.
He and 20-year-old Gino Sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones, a laptop and cash.
Clive Howard, 57, admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape.
Victim Jessica Howard, 23, has bravely waived her right to anonymity.
She said he had 'humiliated' her and ruined precious relationships.
Howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months at Norwich Crown Court.
Mohamed Salah scored twice as Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah also scored.
AS Roma beat Napoli 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday.
Ronald Jebson was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970.
He died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.
His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, sobbed as she heard the news.
Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season's Europa League final.
La Viola overcame Tottenham, Roma and Dynamo Kiev en route to the last four.
The other tie sees Rafael Benitez's Napoli take on Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine for the place in the Warsaw final, which takes place on May 27.
James Webster, 35, targeted women as they bent over freezers in Lidl.
He was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving bag closer to victim.
Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag.
Webster admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face jail.
But he was spared jail after admitting sexual offences treatment programme.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, said that 'fat' is just another word - and using it doesn't have to be an insult.
Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them.
Oshun Café will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries.
The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls.
Comes after cereal cafes, a porridge pop-up and a toastie restaurant.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez scored his second of the night to give Barcelona the lead.
Edinson Cavani failed to deliver on the biggest stage.
Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half.
Anthony Mann, 78, pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
He stabbed his wife Janet to death after she begged him to end his life.
Mann was a devoted father and husband who had been married to Janet for a number of years.
The couple's two daughters both said in statements that their dad was a loving, kind man.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from Donna's Dream House, Lancashire.
Volunteer worker admitted stealing laptop and TomTom sat nav from charity.
He was meant to be helping charity raise profile following arson attack.
But Mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up pieces.
Charity chairman Len Curtis said: 'It is soul destroying when the trust you place in someone is betrayed'
The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album.
In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves.
But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today's money.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour backer.
Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook.
Her son Freddie was killed when a trailer came loose from a passing Land Rover.
Mrs Hussey was helpless as the trailer mounted the pavement.
Driver Tony Davies, 38, was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
But Freddie's father Scott, 37, blasted his punishment as a 'joke'
Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo.
Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences.
The man was charged with rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife.
A police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years.
He faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced that the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job'
Over 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes in west London.
They took a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million.
Gang were undeterred by security systems, officers said.
If they found that valuables were locked in a safe inside, they would simply cut the safe out, before cracking it open later.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control.
He smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013.
His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed.
Yadav was jailed for six years at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual, according to a new survey from Visa.
Budget for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler.
In 2012, Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend, Tina, with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read, 'Tina, will you go to prom with me?'
William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms are accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme.
The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes.
To make up the gap they paid investors with other investors' money rather than actual profits on the investments.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica bra is a first on the larger bra market.
Features removable cookies to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph.
Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection.
Alex Stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out.
He was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged rape victim.
Rolling Stone's reporting was torn apart by professors from Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
They pointed out 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared.
Most important failing was not contacting Stock and another student, Ryan Duffin, who spoke out alongside Stock in an interview with Fox News's Megyn Kelly.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store.
It searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute.
The app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme.
The pair, aged eight and seven, chant Rooney's name at him in the street.
Rooney admits he gets annoyed when people chant his name in the stands.
England captain enjoyed a kick-around with the pair for the show.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
The system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again.
Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
Bleary was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries.
Gemma, 34, has launched her updated fashion range for Evans.
She showcased the collection this evening at one of the chain's flagship stores.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League.
Manchester United are favourites to sign the 22-year-old.
Liverpool were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole.
But Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals.
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season for Middlesbrough on Tuesday.
The 21-year-old has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons.
His parent club Chelsea are opening talks over a new deal.
Bamford is currently one of 26 players out on loan from Stamford Bridge.
Romelu Lukaku was sold to Everton in the summer after failing to make the grade.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is holding out hope of upsetting the Germans.
Bayern have suffered injuries, but Porto have been boosted by the return of Jackson Martinez.
Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate for his brand of football.
Oscar-winning actor, 63, hanged himself in August 2014.
He had been diagnosed with Parkinson's and was prone to insomnia.
Day before his death, he stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to friend.
Also spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness.
Post-mortem revealed he had Lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour.
Today's episode of Autopsy will reconstruct his final hours of his life.
Pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd says Williams' online activity suggested he knew
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program.
Program teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code.
Leal was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs.
Each prisoner must complete an application process, as they would for a job, explaining their history and their ambitions, plus one 'essay question' about their life.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud.
He died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury.
The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text.
Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Officers in Paramus, New Jersey, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.
The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
Police are still working to find the owner of the goat and are asking the public for help.
With simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your flowers last.
From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, we've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers.
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport.
Her son, Steve, visits her regularly where he says his mother is well-looked after.
But he found the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge.
Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp at Borussia Dortmund.
Klopp announced he was leaving the club at the end of the season.
Tuchel has carved a name for himself at German club Mainz.
The 41-year-old Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Old Trafford.
Real Madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on Hernandez's future.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family.
He has written a book about his time with the club's owners.
The Glazers' takeover of Manchester United was met with huge protests.
Nayani claims Malcolm Glazer left it to his sons to complete the takeover.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.
The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not.
O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career in 2014.
Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona.
He points what appears to be a rifle into the air and a shot rings out.
Police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'One round just went out. He's definitely loaded'
But apparently ignoring his advice, Rapiejko overtakes officer's car.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts curb and smashes into suspect's body.
Shocking dashcam footage comes as police under scrutiny for racially profiling.
Only a week and a half ago, South Carolina police officer Michael Slager was charged with murder after
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar.
The Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Luis Enrique's side face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39, and her 38-year-old sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June.
The defendant claims he blacked out during the killings.
On Day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial, Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional.
Tucker said that was
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old will marry her long-term partner later this month.
Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Raheem Sterling was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
Sterling enraged Liverpool after saying he was 'flattered' to be linked with Arsenal.
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for March.
The Manchester United midfielder scored both goals against Liverpool.
Mata has been excluded from the Spain squad since the World Cup.
United return to Premier League action against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her.
The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed.
Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved.
Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East.
Officers received calls to an abandoned industrial area in Botany.
They were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees.
One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1.
The Holland striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February.
Van Persie made an appearance for United against Fulham at Craven Cottage.
Louis van Gaal's side travel to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District.
Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels were wiped out in England and Wales.
Disease, habitat loss and competition for food from non-native grey squirrels blamed for decline in reds.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother Alison Overton.
The 14-year-old died in August last year, just four months after she died.
He wore her favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume.
Coroner Paul Kelly said the teenager had likely not intended to take his life.
In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Washington lawmakers are proposing to allow limited home hash production, though butane or other explosive gases would be banned except for use by commercial producers.
Safer methods would be OK, and adults would be allowed to use cooking oil, butter or similar substances to make edibles.
HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for months.
Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Last night, defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder.
He was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi, 10 months.
Flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am.
Airlines confirmed that the landing was not an emergency.
The aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
Incident was the second one of the day for Dublin Airport.
Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League.
Boro chairman Steve Gibson has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
Gibson is a lifelong Boro fan and will be part of Gareth Southgate's England squad for this summer's Euros in the Czech Republic.
The drunkards were banned from every boozer in Birmingham at the turn of the century.
They were placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol.
Each drunkard’s entry includes photographs, their name, alias, residence, employment, physical description, distinguishing marks, nature of conviction and sentence received for booze-related crimes.
Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous Parisian gallery planned outside France.
It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.
The Automobile Museum in Malaga houses around 90 classic cars, plus displays of haute couture.
Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window.
Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash.
The 25-year-old driver of the white BMW briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius.
He was taken to a north London police station and later released on police bail.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home.
The truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle, which involves constant travel due to Jola's job as an acrobat in performing duo the Twisty Twinz.
Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking.
It also features a lounge area and dining table, complete with a fold-out chair for baby Piko.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball style trick shot while practicing in China.
The 36-year-old flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it.
Watson's shot seemed to fly down the middle, drawing quite a reaction from his caddie.
Green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million.
Crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in China.
Both drivers have been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained.
The crash is believed to have cost thousands of pounds worth of damage to the underpass.
Tiger Woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf.
The former World No1 has been working on his game and rediscover form.
Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
He was joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships.
Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final.
Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate'
Will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted.
But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes'
Under proposals, landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies.
They would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard to be honoured by PFA on Sunday.
The pair have been stalwarts of the English game for the past decade and a half.
Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the season, while Lampard will meet up with new MLS franchise New York City FC.
Both players have won 19 major trophies between them.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls.
He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after Karin Rowsell's departure.
Chairman of the governing body said it was 'not an easy decision'
School's bursar said the education of the 1,200 pupils would be unaffected.
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.
It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F)
The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood.
But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
The research, led by Dr Daniel Herwartz, was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a vital win.
Head coach John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation.
Carver admitted Newcastle were second best in every department.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first game back in the Test team.
Trott was making his first Test appearance since his Ashes withdrawal.
England slumped to 1-1 after just five balls in Antigua.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys.
The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home.
Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought she was sleeping.
But he later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United.
The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson.
Kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before to England.
Michelle Knight was chained inside Cleveland's 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by Ariel Castro.
Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
The luncheon raised a record $254,000 for the center, which counsels rape survivors.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan.
He begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch.
The large birds swooped down with their claws bared at the fox.
At first the fox attempts to fight back, growling viciously at the advancing eagle.
But as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the Eagles.
Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors.
Manuel Pellegrini's side had recorded seven victories in a row against Palace.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight.
State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far.
The Chilean forward has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise.
Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table.
Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy on Wednesday.
Supporters hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of Newcastle United.
Evan Summerfield died from meningitis just hours after laughing for the first time.
The four-month-old had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out.
He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but later died.
His family are unable to comprehend how he fell ill so quickly.
Marcus and Markieff Morris are both forwards for the Phoenix Suns.
They are being investigated for allegedly assaulting Erik Hood at 7:30pm on January 24.
Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them.
He said he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out'
Witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a Rolls-Royce Phantom.
The Renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world.
It was described by then Renault president Pierre Dreyfus as a ‘voiture a vivre’ - a car for every aspect of life.
Britain’s answer to the pioneering Renault was the very similar looking, but poorly built, Austin Maxi.
The Focus surpassed the Toyota Camri as the world's best-seller.
Luke Rockhold and Lyoto Machida face off in New Jersey on Saturday.
Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory.
Machida is also coming off a victory, against CB Dollaway in Brazil.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges.
Reports emerged on social media on Thursday suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks.
The Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry.
But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
They say the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Defoe had scored just twice for Sunderland since joining in January.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Duke of York inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting girls' refuge.
The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity.
Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop.
The Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor.
The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016.
Sky Sports refuse to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell on Saturday.
Gary Neville was desperate to get away from Stamford Bridge to get to Nicky Butt's wife's birthday party.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to SATs exam answers.
The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself.
He was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School.
Department for Education annulled all SATs results for the entire school last year.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile.
Police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process.
His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the ball.
The Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange.
Perth and Darwin may be lucky depending on the location of cloud bands.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca.
The 23-year-old has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more this season.
AS focus on Real Madrid's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card.
Roberto Mancini wants eight players from a list of 21 candidates.
Tuttosport have an exclusive interview with Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Manchester City need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season.
Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday.
The Premier League champions are also interested in signing Danny Ings and Jay Rodriguez.
Everton want at least £50m for Ross Barkley and John Stones.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger Rochester and Strood by-election.
He faces uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority on May 7.
Ukip has decided against publicising the figures in case supporters are demoralised.
Enner Valencia is a transfer target for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuador forward in January.
Chelsea are offering a new contract to Patrick Bamford.
Bamford has scored 17 league goals for Middlesbrough.
Wellington put on one hell of a show for its inaugural CubaDupa festival.
The colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks.
It was the first of its kind in several years and drew in thousands of locals and tourists.
More than 100 different performances were scheduled over the weekend.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville.
She will manage England at the netball World Cup in Australia.
Neville says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers.
The 38-year-old believes she is a natural leader like her brothers.
Ryanair took to Twitter for a cheeky promotional photo in Terminal 2.
In response to Ryanair's post, Aer Lingus had a dig at where Ryanair fly their passengers out too.
Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport, whereas Aer Linguses flies from Terminal 2, so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival's expense.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition.
Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3.
Atletico's two banks of four are also very good at closing the space down for Bale, Ronaldo and Benzema.
Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night and see if his 4-4-2 with Arda Turan, Mario Suarez, Gabi and Koke can’t over-run Rodriguez, Luka
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The German centre-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Hummels has already attracted interest from several clubs around Europe.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey.
Authorities have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother.
The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, was just 16 years old when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan'
She has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides.
Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court.
Patrick Lyttle was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
His elder brother was charged with recklessly causing GBH.
Mr Lyttle could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock.
As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.
Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, told Fox News that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs)
She was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death.
Her mother Nita, who does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning, continues to buy her daughter fatty foods.
The pair are filmed visiting their local supermarket, where Susan is unable to walk for long periods of tie because of the pressure her weight puts on her knees.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80 was headed from Charlotte to New York City.
The accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern.
None of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
McCoist and Kenny McDowall assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
McCoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December and is still earning £14,000 a week.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.
Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
Designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago, the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Alan Pardew says Sunderland fans should concentrate on Crystal Palace.
Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'
Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.
'The baby won't have any nutrition they need -  it’s entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she said.
The 51-year-old is out to revolutionise healthy meals for kids with the launch of a new frozen food range.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao.
Valencia had been reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off.
Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three by beating Elche 1-0.
Felipe Caicedo scored twice for Espanyol in 3-0 defeat of Villarreal.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years.
The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus.
White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid.
They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business.
But they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen.
Chelsea Clinton, 35, was just a twelve-year-old from Arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls.
But over the years, as Chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman, her curls quickly began to fade.
Now, in a candid interview with Ellemagazine, Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets.
She insisted that, far from being an intentional style change, her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August.
Jonas Bjorkman will work with Murray until the end of the US Open.
Murray joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club.
A new 10-year study from New World Wealth found Hong Kong to be home to the most millionaires: 15,400.
Houston, Texas, has seen an increase of 1,420 multi-millionaires in the last 10 years, while Seattle is up 330.
In the Asia Pacific region, Jakarta, Indonesia also performed well, going from being the home of 280 multi-maires in 2004.
But it was Fuzhou in China with the most impressive growth rate: 450%.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking.
He also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'
Ukip supporters should consider switching to back the Tories in areas where their party cannot win, he said.
Mr Farage said his backers had to use their vote 'as wisely as they can'
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million.
The 25-year-old has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back on a permanent deal.
They have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet.
Depending on the weather, the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies.
Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Wood is one of the uncapped members of Alastair Cook’s squad.
Amir Khan posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel.
The 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US.
Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps and if an offence took place.
Mr Khan was convicted for driving without due care and attention in 2006.
Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies.
Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Ian Bell arrived at the crease with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this two-day fixture.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California.
It measures 45ft in length and sends occupiers into the air at 25ft.
Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
The seesaw is made from entirely raw materials – a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after four minutes.
Ross McCormack equalised for Fulham in the 67th minute.
Steve Evans' side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player.
Juventus lost 2-1 to Fiorentina in the Coppa Italia first leg.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring in the 21st minute.
Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoreline shortly before the interval.
Leonardo Bonucci scored his side's third goal of the night.
Paul Pogba is said to be the subject of a £50m bid from Barcelona.
Chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the midfielder.
Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem ahead of Celta Vigo.
A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan's position as Benfica's leader.
Benfica face Nacional on Saturday hoping to keep up their excellent home form.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place grow.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and a top four finish.
Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team by cutting a more commanding figure.
Greg Dyke was given a £16,000 Parmigiani watch as a gift at the World Cup.
The watch was handed out in goodie bags totalling more than £1million.
Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care, so that it could be auctioned.
FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the watch and has now closed proceedings on the matter.
Boeing's roomier 'Space Bins' can hold two more bags than existing compartments on current fleet of 737s.
The bins have been tested by a group of ‘frequent fliers’ who were hand-picked by Boeing.
So far two airlines – Delta and Alaska – have ordered the new bins.
QPR are facing fines of up to £50million for multiple breaches of financial fair play regulations.
Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions.
QPR board member Jim Rodwell’s departure from Notts County has created the need for an election for a League One representative.
Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their considerable FFP troubles.
Southampton target Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January.
Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate, the £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie.
Southampton are currently seventh in the Premier League table.
Alaska Airlines flight 448 took off from Seattle to Los Angeles on Monday.
Pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming.
Worker walked off the plane and appeared well, but was taken to a hospital.
The airline is investigating the situation.
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically.
Install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber.
You should dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets.
The Paelo Way co-authors have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release the book independently.
Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings.
The cookbook was delayed before being cancelled completely by Pan Macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says 'direction of travel' is towards independence.
But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom.
Comes as Tories unveil new poster showing Nicola Sturgeon pulling Ed Miliband's strings.
Polls suggest more than half of Scots plan to vote for the SNP.
Diorama shows the full extent of the Battle of Waterloo, which took place almost exactly 200 years ago.
It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle's bicentenary.
The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses, illustrating not just the major military events of the battle but also a number of light-hearted vignettes.
German Chancellor and husband spend Easter on island of Ischia, near Naples.
Prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for some of the more expensive suites.
Mrs Merkel has reportedly hired a personal Pilates trainer.
Grant Allen, 38, travelled around the world with girlfriend Gaynor Godwin.
He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money.
Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000.
Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009.
Judge has ordered Allen to pay back £491,000 as the proceeds of crime.
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother.
Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay at home.
His wife, Glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son Ezra because of high child care costs.
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold after stock market fell.
Those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.
Study carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University.
It comes just days before retirees in Britain are given power to decide how to spend their life savings.
Kevin de Bruyne has scored nine goals for Wolfsburg this season.
Franck Ribery says he is the wrong type of player to come in under Pep Guardiola.
De Bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of Bayern Munich.
Ribery and Arjen Robben's contracts run out in 2017.
Rangers insist fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct.
The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property.
Sports Direct took security over all Rangers assets — but not ibrox — including intellectual property owned by the club.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk.
It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide.
In the simulations, the processes taking place as the two black holes merge is shown.
As they come closer, the magnetic field lines around the two become erratic, while the jets firing out from the ‘poles’ of each object merge into one.
Gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event - are also predicted to be created by the merger.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1.
Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Madison Brengle of the United States upset Petra Kvitova.
A widower was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday.
Sadly, owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast.
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson before they were able to catch up with her.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna.
It's seemingly part of a strategy across the retail industry.
Consumer watchdog Which? reveals a host of products that have been shrunk.
Every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display.
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage.
Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS), has been charged with trafficking drugs from China.
Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
He is accused of buying the substances to exchange for sexual favors.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, said he should have spoken of the singer's'remarkable talent' not her weight.
He said the 'American Idol' winner has 'a lovely voice' but added that she 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
Within minutes, Wallace's response had sparked outrage online.
Now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering.
The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade.
Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair as 110lbs (50kg) of pressure 'rarely occurs under normal circumstances'
It has now asked SquareTrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device.
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is.
Elle is well-known for her healthy diet and even released her own superfood product, The Super Elixir.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction after assaulting a police officer.
The Dundee rogue escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
That has already ruled him out of the evening matches with Celtic at Dens Park on Wednesday and at Parkhead on Friday May 1.
Hartley fears that even playing in the three remaining games in the City of Discovery, which kick off at 3pm, could leave the player at risk of breaching his order.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon.
Police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased Justus down the street before opening fire.
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing'
It also promises that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
But despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred.
The clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.
Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand.
The traumatic attack was the last time they saw each other.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League again.
The Barcelona star wants to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe'
Celtic failed to qualify for Europe's elite club competition this campaign.
Messi has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe during his career.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of headdress made from 80 kingfishers.
Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
But they say Labour and some senior Lib Dems appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed yesterday by David Cameron.
Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts.
The group has compiled a list of over 100 well-known hotels.
It has colour-coded the hotels into three categories.
Those to be avoided are labelled red, those coded as green are considered to be 'low risk' and orange hued businesses are 'under consideration'
WA police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences.
Footage of the incident shows an angry woman appearing in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him.
The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass.
She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
Romeo, 12, ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday.
David Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race.
It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
David Cameron admitted Boris Johnson is lining up a tilt at the Tory leadership.
He said the London Mayor had'suddenly realised' that his main political rivals were lining themselves up to take over the top job.
The admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from Mr Cameron.
It comes just weeks after Mr Cameron revealed he would stand down as Prime Minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month.
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube.
It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth.
He says: 'We have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver'
As Jason's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst, he emits loud cries of pain.
Dr Arun Ghosh, a private GP in Liverpool, condemned Jason's method.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls.
But the 'horrendous' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before.
Belinda is to appear on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy.
Labour leader claimed Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of PM's Libya policy.
Miliband insisted he was not saying Mr Cameron had 'blood on his hands'
But he was making a'very important point about post-conflict planning in Libya'
Former defence secretary Liam Fox said Miliband was trying to 'weaponise drowning migrants'
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM)
JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body.
He has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat.
The disease has robbed Damon of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun.
Stuart Dallas gave Brentford the lead just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage.
Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit for Fulham.
Cauley Woodrow saw two presentable opportunities begging before Seko Fofana could only skew an effort wide.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends before starting job.
But he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in luggage.
Stun gun was capable of administering electrical discharge which would cause victim to'startle and repel'
Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24.
Trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row.
Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Arevalo survived the shots, despite wounds to his face.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of their arch rivals.
Gary Neville hails United as a team that is getting closer to being 'the real deal'
Raheem Sterling is unwilling to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide.
Brendan Rodgers will remind Sterling of his responsibilities.
Sterling scored the opener in a 2-0 win over Newcastle United.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in their first round match.
The five-time world champion had trouble with his shoes during the session.
O'Sullivan will face Matthew Stevens in the second round.
Mohammed Emwazi, now known as Jihadi John, planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia.
But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State.
Emwazi became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Jeremy Peace has put West Brom up for sale for £150million.
Tony Pulis is adamant Peace wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Danielle Jones, 33, and husband Darrel, 44, got married on Good Friday.
Take That superfan Gary Barlow dropped in at reception to sing 'A Million Love Songs'
Singer had promised to go along to reception at Beaumont Estate in Old Windsor.
Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked singer to perform.
But he secretly replied to the bridesmaid's saying 'let's do this'
Mrs Jones and her friends are seeing Take That several times this year.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
The settlement came just before Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Saliann Scarpulla was due to rule on whether Giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in Chobani's predecessor company.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson.
He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.
Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone.
Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi - who killed 270 people in December 1988 by blowing up Pan Am Flight 103 - he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3.
The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
Camargo can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries.
She then reaches behind him, grabs the tablet and hits him in the face.
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
On Friday, U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information.
MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations.
These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.
Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty.
Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton.
The 21-year-old came off the substitutes bench during England's 1-1 draw.
Roberto Martinez is backing Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England.
Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in August 2013.
The former Goldman Sachs managing director allegedly forced himself on the woman in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up'
The victim staggered out in such a 'hysterical' state she was unable to talk.
Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges.
He could face 25 years in jail if convicted.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital.
It came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment.
Worcesterhire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
It said it was 'working very hard' to prevent it from happening again.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault.
Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw pensioner.
He parked and rushed over to help but was slapped with £70 ticket.
Mr Hollinsheads initially tore up the ticket and threw it in the bin.
But he later went back to pick it up and said the warden could see what was happening.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.
The defender has undergone successful surgery.
Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
Esmond, who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington, is conscious but unable to move.
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs.
The bill will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season.
The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto’o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
They will inevitably fuel the debate that they are fast becoming the greatest front three in Barcelona’s history.
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street.
Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign for the soap.
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has also turned her hand to acting.
Patsy Kensit made a huge success of her stint in Emmerdale.
Ryan Poston, 29, was shot dead by Shayna Hubers, 24, on October 12, 2012.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, at casino.
She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts.
But after going back to his flat she made her excuses and left door unlocked.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home.
Afterwards, they left him with multiple broken bones, lying face down in his bedroom drowning in his own blood.
Judge William Kennedy described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked'
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in his Miami home two days ago.
He had been left 'devastated' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show.
His High School photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame, fortune and fillers.
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat.
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure.
In
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin.
The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting.
Stephens has a record for possessing cocaine.
Eden Hazard scored the decisive goal in the 38th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League.
Sportsmail's Oliver Todd rates the players' performances at Stamford Bridge.
Jordan Henderson has not given the ball away as much all season for Liverpool.
John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during his impressive display.
Chelsea need to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games.
Kasper Schmeichel made a string of outstanding stops as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1.
Sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage.
But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day.
UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket.
The pair's chequered past has come under scrutiny.
Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton as managing director of England cricket.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool.
Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for Saturday's Premier League encounter.
Raheem Sterling had almost single-handedly managed to shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion last year.
Each time he gets on a bullock, a castrated male, he risks life and limb.
His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, has entered him into competitions all over the US.
Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality.
The clip, which was created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood.
'We won't relent 'til it's 100 per cent,' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the PSA.
Department store Myer will be holding a designer sale from Wednesday 22nd April.
The sale will see mark downs between 65-75 per cent off designer shoes, accessories and clothes.
This means making way for new season collections by slashing the prices of current season stock.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from a convenience store in Birmingham in 2014.
The 35-year-old walked into a police station and said: 'Please arrest me'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery.
Judge Murray Creed described the events as 'unusual' at Birmingham Crown Court.
Sonia Sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in Maitland, NSW, rapidly flooded.
Her brother-in-law Steve Spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire they were trapped in.
The horses' owner, Ms Sharrock, praised her 'absolutely amazing' brother for his incredible feat.
'I don't know what I would have done without him and my sister,' she said.
Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the Resort World Casino ended up at each other's throats.
According to a casino worker, the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol, dragging their group of friends into the conflict.
Three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl, which injured four security guards and a police officer.
Sean Donohoe, 30, plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV.
He even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits.
But he secretly took out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.
Donohoe has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia.
The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk, a study published in the journal Conservation Letters says.
Leicester City beat West Ham United 1-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Andy King's 86th minute winner kept the Foxes' hopes of Premier League survival alive.
West Ham have not won away from home since December 2nd.
Leicester are just four points behind Sunderland with six of their eight remaining games to be played.
The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem.
They had finished a tour of the Old City, as well as Kim's home nation of Armenia.
The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour.
Nathan is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move.
The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense.
Manchester City have been keen on Nathan following his performances in the World U17 Championships two years ago.
Juventus lost 2-1 to local rivals Torino on Sunday.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for the home side.
Matteo Darmian equalised for Torino just before the interval.
Fabio Quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night.
The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times'
The 46-year-old was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play hits like Don't Be Cruel and On Our Own.
Later he was a little less emotional as fans cheered his performances of hits like Roni and Rock Witcha.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before.
The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride.
She told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home.
A rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant Hospital the next day.
Ann Malsbury, 22, battered Lee Judson, 21, with saucepan and hair straighteners.
The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone to her home in Coventry to collect belongings.
But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, MALSbury jumped on his back.
She wrapped iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
After he struggled free Malsbur then armed herself with large carving knife.
Sentenced to community order with 18 months of supervision.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
A passenger filmed the driver on a bus and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint.
In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR.
The 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season.
Ramsey is a popular and respected man within the game.
Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa.
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday.
The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo.
A 728kg monster was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter Show.
Doug Gregory, 92, was hit by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield, Hampshire.
He suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance.
But he died two weeks later and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Mr Gregory also survived a brain haemorrhage in 1947.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands.
She had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist.
Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt.
The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest.
Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd.
Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Mr Evans is currently locked in a court battle with rival fitness guru Emily Anderson.
Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers.
Her doctor determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body.
She was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife.
The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.
She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
Arjen Robben has missed his side's last three games due to an abdominal injury.
The Holland international is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto.
Robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Shocking footage has emerged of a violent brawl outside a party in Brisbane's south.
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir.
Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm.
Members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight.
Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16.
The German woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon.
Three thieves are said to have 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws.
The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington.
Cruz's stance on the issue presents a problem the politician who has said the'most dangerous' aspect of President Barack Obama's tenure ‘has been lawlessness'
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand.
The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)
Referee Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners.
Mayweather recently revealed he is within three pounds of the welterweight limit.
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients.
Eight patients found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae.
The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections.
If all goes to plan, Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have baby at Lindo Wing.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in hours leading up to her death.
Husband Barry McCarthy, 51, had previously found out his wife was using dating websites.
But she agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her.
He entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times, Norwich Crown Court heard.
McCarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
A jury today found him guilty of murder following eight-day trial.
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition.
The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m.
If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey.
She died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts of medical teams.
Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared in court today.
The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne.
She has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.
Her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
The young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets, but since a clip of Winter bouncing down her hallway went viral last year she's sharing these moments.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women.
He allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands.
Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis.
The patients had booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor.
Latheef is on trial at Taunton Crown Court accused of assaults.
The I'm UP Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room.
The app is due to be released in June and will come as a free version with adverts or an ad-free version which will cost less than $8, or £5.48.
It will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital after a house party in Tamworth.
It is thought she took M-Cat, or Meow Meow, at the early hours of March 30.
She was placed in a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure.
Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs.
Her cousin has claimed she didn't take the drug voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked.
The Silverback at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo hit the glass with such force it cracks.
The terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime.
Video of the incident has been uploaded to YouTube with more than 126,000 views.
New approach targets cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable kills 1,000 women in Britain every month.
Researchers from Manchester University have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.
They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer, affecting 70 per cent of patients.
Ashley Shupe says her son Kaiden, eight, is suicidal after being bullied.
She claims he tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating.
It was a reaction to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault'
Shupe is demanding $300,000 for the school district's negligence.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble.
It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang.
The project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs.
Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession.
She referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent.
A disciplinary panel ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
She also displayed a Golly magnet in her office and made'monkey noises' on one occasion when talking about black people.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks.
Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls.
Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
She told Daily Mail Australia that sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely'
Residents of Gloriavale follow a strict New Testament code, wear blue uniforms and do not use birth control.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side on Tuesday.
The England midfielder has been out of action since November.
Wilshere is hoping to make his first-team return for Arsenal in the next few weeks.
Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham.
Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured.
Police and the ambulance service were rushing to attend the scene.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
Francis Coquelin has defended Olivier Giroud after criticism from Henry.
Henry questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Giroud in attack.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights.
On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr.
Boehning claims he was blackmailed by a fellow lawmaker for voting against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures and strong social bonds, a new study of global wellbeing has revealed.
The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its contentment, rather than wealth.
Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place.
Despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
Unsurprisingly the world
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
The now-83-year-old said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her.
'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' she said.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo.
They were initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, but were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage.
Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool.
Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue.
Grab
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed.
The Belgian is one of the hottest prospects in European football.
De Bruyne has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce.
The Poland international had to be replaced after 30 minutes.
Obraniaki is currently on loan at German side Werder Bremen.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell.
It is the school system's first confirmed case in two years.
The last case in Loudoun was in January 2013.
The former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
Welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education.
He told Steinberg that he is now dedicated to taking education in a new direction as executive of the Jack Welch Management Institute.
Robert Bates, 73, charged with second-degree manslaughter in death of Eric Harris.
Memo reveals colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at Sheriff's Office.
Documents suggest department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.
Bates has been out on $25,000 bond and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband as part of 'useyourvoice' campaign.
The reality TV star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'
It comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled after taking to Twitter in droves to reveal their love for the Labour leader.
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing Dinitrophenol.
She began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to hospital.
Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Mother Fiona, 51, has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
It was taken by body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who has been painting for more than 20 years.
He used different filters to achieve a range of effects including a light sepia edit, making the model even harder to view.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he was found.
The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma.
His mother Tiffany, 35, said he had made a'miracle' recovery.
Ms Parkes said her son had been tormented for months by a gang.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - having played the same games.
City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night and now trail United by a point.
Ashley Graham, 27, is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign.
The plus-size model says that growing up, she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez.
AP McCoy will ride his last two races at Sandown racecourse on Saturday.
The 40-year-old rider insists he will never return to professional racing.
Steve Redgrave famously returned to success despite retiring.
McCoy will be allowed to keep the Champion Jockey trophy.
Philip Garrod, 43, was caught by a police camera doing 105mph on his motorbike.
He pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding.
But he then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Garrod filled in a 'patient clinical record' for the bogus call to back up his false story.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
She mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend.
In the message, she wrote: 'Now remember... [her employer] Rob is a complete d***'
She immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday.
The Congolese centre was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year.
Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Pep Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 against Porto on Wednesday.
Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
The 44-year-old has a year remaining on his contract in Germany.
A quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers let him go this summer.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was Australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
He won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna.
Families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the August heat.
Multiple swimming pools, a kids club, swings and a bakery kept the Greenwoods busy during their stay.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status.
But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it.
It's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital.
Estate agents say there has been a huge increase in valuations because of announcement.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has closed its doors after being abused over the phone and online.
Owner Kevin O'Connor said he would refuse to serve gay customers, but as a Christian he disagrees with gay marriage.
Supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the embattled owners via a fundraising page in just one day.
Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act into law last week.
Gareth Bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during training on Tuesday.
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday evening.
Carlo Ancelotti's side face their second La Liga game in four days.
Bale scored Real's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones.
Here are Will Corby's picks for the best puddings and pastries.
From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait, here are Will's picks.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
But she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday.
The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous in a fuchsia column dress.
She is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night.
The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing him.
Police were called to the McDonalds near Darwin about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from a number of big clubs.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell Sterling this summer.
Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the England man.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Usually, Apple launches generate long queues outside stores.
But City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Lib Dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction.
Cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy.
Car tax would rise by £25-a-year but he scaled back plans for mansion tax.
He mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found.
Harry Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals this season.
The Tottenham striker is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season.
Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize.
California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.
While products such as this already exist, founder Elon Musk thinks they'suck', according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson.
The event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, Design Studio on April 30 at 8pm. PT.
Tesla already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
Ford unveiled its £260,000 GT in a stunning light installation in Milan.
The car will be unrolled across Europe next year with the first models shipped to China.
Bosses say they have been 'pleased' with the reaction the car has received.
Jeffrey Klein said a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'
The Democratic state senator said'mistakes like this happen'
He said that the tweets was sent by a recently hired female communications staffer.
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
She detailed how she was undergoing the treatment and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20.
But the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Mel showed her support for women who were also going through IVF treatment.
Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors.
Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
The theme park, which opened in 1979, once attracted 200,000 visitors annually from around the country.
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms at £31.5 million home.
But neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets'
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks.
The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for Burnley.
Sean Dyche has urged Ings to focus on enjoying his game.
Burnley are in the bottom three but just two points from safety.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao make public appearances on Tuesday.
Sportsmail's Jeff Powell looks ahead to Saturday's mega-fight at the MGM Grand.
Powell reflects on the pair's arrivals on the Las Vegas Strip.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles.
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.
They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up and the teen died at the hospital several hours later.
Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was cancelled on Monday.
The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
US Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2.
The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters just days after the incident.
Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
The crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines.
Greg Gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed in the chest.
He was at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with murder of the talented football player.
Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack outside the local pizza shop.
It was shortly after midnight when emergency services found the rugby league player with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am from the alleged random attack.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was shot dead in his car on a London street.
Police have arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
The Shire of Montana is inspired by JRR Tolkien’s fantasy books.
At 1,000 square feet, the guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property.
It has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors.
The guest house has no mobile phone service as it is completely underground.
Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
Wenger is a disciple of Adam Smith and these are the basic principles of a free market.
Tear down barriers, let competition flourish and the best man or woman will ultimately win – or at least have a place in Wenger’s starting
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory.
They tricked the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'
The spooky experiment has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.
The invisible, creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain, the researchers say.
Pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site.
They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe.
The discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week.
Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums.
Separately, scientists at Stanford University are hoping that their newly invented aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with its ability to fully charge in under a minute.
The Greek island of Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men.
The word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man.
In a new BBC documentary, former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that the island was the Magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism.
Jack Grealish has been accused of getting high on 'hippy crack'
The 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide.
Grealish is the third Premier League starlet this month to be exposed apparently using the legal high.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma.
Dugan and Ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse.
Muskogee police department said that investigators believed that there were other victims, aged between four and 21 years old.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.
Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'
However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
The Face Unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of Android 4.0, also known as Ice Cream Sandwich.
ISIS entered Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country.
Militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front.
The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
Thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province.
The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive.
Iraqi government forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign.
Starring models from sizes 10 to 20, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
This follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month.
Stars Abbey Clancy, 29, Alice Dellal, 27, singer Foxes, 25, and Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year.
England came within six points of claiming the Six Nations title.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa.
The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development.
Fabian Delph is arguably Villa's most important player.
Sherwood has asked for more forward movement, and offensive involvement.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes into Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
The striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks.
Costa is expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light to step up his rehabilitation regime.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend.
The cousin of Princes William and Harry embraced the sports luxe trend.
She wore a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie, which she pulled over her short, dark tresses.
At the end of last month, the young royal celebrated her 25th birthday.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch.
Delph put in an all-action display and ran the game.
Steven Gerrard will be devastated not to make the final but for the club’s sake, not his.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey.
He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
The criminal complaint had been under seal since Oct. 28.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York.
Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle with white powder packed into the garments.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa in the semi-final next Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Simon Mignolet insists Liverpool's players are not thinking too far ahead.
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year.
As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices.
These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
The app will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need.
Card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping and want to leave the store.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in case of Patrick Eugene Heenan.
He was killed by loyalists in 1973 when he and 14 others were attacked.
His widow, Mary, is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general.
Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time.
The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today.
The three-day Spring Steam Gala saw crowds flock to witness the annual event.
Train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines.
Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner.
Everton defender reveals he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs.
Baines also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees' dressing room.
Barcelona and PSG meet on April 15 in the French capital.
Neymar feels his team's Champions League tie with PSG will prove a real footballing'spectacle'
The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr.
On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son.
When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, but when Raymond failed to respond, Sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks.
She had posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram.
But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
She said: 'I basically wrote that people should never get judged for the size and what they look like because everyone is beautiful'
Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake'
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night.
It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Pastor John Hagee said the sight suggests a world-changing event will take place, as predicted in the Bible.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricket commentary box legend had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Benaud, who hadn't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013, had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight.
He was diagnosed with skin cancer last year and began treatment last year.
Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty.
Christopher Swist, who was dating McCarty just before the alleged killings, had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball.
McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Investigators say McCarty left a note behind at the scene saying she was'sorry for what she had to do'
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches.
The 34-year-old denies conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court.
He is standing trial alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu.
Both men have been convicted of match-fixing at previous trials.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair.
Aldi has won an increasing share of the market since the recession.
It now lags behind only the 'big four' - Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and the Co-operative.
Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as Aldi and Lidl.
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer.
Inter Milan have opened talks with the Premier League champions.
Roberto Mancini is also interested in a deal for Yaya Toure.
Danny Ings is set to leave Burnley when his contract expires.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart Liverpool at the end of the season.
James Milner is also a target for Arsenal and Everton.
Arsenal, Everton, Roma and Inter Milan have also spoken to his representative about a summer deal.
Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold talks with Memphis Depay.
PSV are looking for £25million for Depay, who has also been linked with Bayern Munich.
Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer Champions League football.
Vincent Cianni, 63, has spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen.
He embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military.
Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage.
Of 50 Dartmouth College students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats' standard-bearer.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves.
Radiance pads promise to remove eyeliner and mascara.
They also retexturise and brighten skin and, in some cases, even do away with fine lines and age spots.
Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids.
Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe puts some to the test.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses.
The 28-year-old Londoner joked to Late Night with Seth Myers that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days'
Tourism bosses said the show has helped Belfast to become one of the most popular city break destinations in the UK.
Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy.
Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma.
Reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year.
The academy said definitions reflect actual use and are not meant to be derogatory.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free.
The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014.
North Korea and Cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom.
Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen.
He masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away.
Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk was spoiled.
Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
Jessica Knight, 4, has an unusual appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings.
She has pica, a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances.
Doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old.
Ancient papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover.
It recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together and possibly wearing it around the neck.
The treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the ancient rubbish tip.
Sonit Awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the walls came crashing down.
He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him.
His mother Rasmila Awal, 35, has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy'
She said: 'I could hear him crying from the ruins of our home'
The family are now homeless and living in a tarpaulin opposite their home.
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty Thursday to two state gun charges in Louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to LA to face murder charges.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
Durst, an estranged member of the family that runs 1 World Trade Center in New York, has had multiple run-ins with the law over his nearly 72 years.
Savage swan Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of Cambridge river.
Swan believed to be grandson of grandfather Asbo, who was moved 60 miles away in 2012.
Asbaby was seen attacking tourists, eating sandwiches and drinking from water bottles.
He is said to have inherited bad temper from his grandfather and father Asboy.
Locals worried swan's behaviour will get worse as he gets older.
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace.
Rangers have faced both of his former teams in the league this term.
Murray's Dumbarton side are virtually assured of a place in next year's second tier.
Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young fan Charlie Pye.
Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked in February.
Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese.
But she is also capable of sign language and is unlikely to engage in smalltalk.
The robot will be set up at the Mitsukoshi department store in Tokyo.
It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director.
All three achieved a great deal while playing for England.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband.
He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans.
The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Intel also showed off a 3D-printed experimental dress crowned at the collar with robotic spider legs.
Three children are featured in a ground-breaking TV documentary.
They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment.
It involves killing off all a patient’s cancer cells and destroying their bone marrow.
But for one of them, treatment is successful, two do not survive.
Female cyclist killed in rush-hour accident with lorry in central London.
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry.
Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am.
It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries.
Cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures.
The club's world-record £750m kit deal is about to kick in.
On July 31 Nike will see their agreement with the club expire.
Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen.
The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families.
But instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Police were called and the hotel security responded.
Some of the students involved were thrown out of the hotel, but no arrests were made.
Bogan Shire Council wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue in Nyngan, New South Wales.
The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Troublesome has been a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge for the past four years.
The cheeky African elephant has subverted the resort's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools.
Safety concerns and the fact he is emptying out the pools have led resort staff to take action.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180.
Features lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood.
Underwood is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience.
'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his children.
It included trap doors and a small slide, but city officials said it was 'junk'
Mr Trentelman says he will not contest the letter because he does not want to turn it into something negative.
The family will leave the fort up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before a fine.
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football.
Seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Kasper Schmeichel has been named in as part of three Football League Team(s) of the Season.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup quarter-finals.
Sebastian Kehl scored a stunning long-distance volley in extra time.
Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Dortmund played without central defender Mats Hummels and forward star Marco Reus, both injured.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba.
The Italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the France international.
Pogba and his representatives are understood to have met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday.
Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options.
Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas.
Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer.
Stoke
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award.
The pair were named man-of-the-match following their side's 33-10 demolition of Munster in round five.
Armitage has made the most turnovers (19) during this season's tournament.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries.
They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
The study suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years.
The New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto.
And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image, shown, revealing the dwarf planet and its moon Charon.
The image shows Pluto with a sort of reddish colour and Charon - which is just over half the size of Pluto - considerably dimmer.
This makes the New Horizon mission particularly exciting, as it will reveal the surface of a world we know very little about.
It was launched on 19 January 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph (58,536 km/h) - the fastest spacecraft ever
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Cave photographer, John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.
The mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin.
Not a drop of alcohol has passed Ms Merner's lips since January - marking her longest spell of abstinence.
Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach on November 30, 2014.
Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby since January.
They have raised enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral.
The couple have asked anyone still wishing to donate to instead give money to the Royal Women’s Hospital.
A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg in St Petersberg.
He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club.
The truck driver braked heavily as Bazorov tumbled along the tarmac.
Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly.
This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters.
It’s vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions.
Sir Curtly Ambrose has defended the England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford.
Ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography Time to Talk on the eve of the West Indies-England series.
Stanford's deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried, but she managed to dig herself out.
Theia is recovering with the help of good Samaritans and veterinarians at Washington State University.
She is scheduled to go into surgery in a few weeks time after raising money through crowdfunding.
Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads.
Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at United.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters.
From a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender.
After years of questioning how to handle his preferences, the Lemays decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy.
Jacob was elated when strangers mistook him for a boy in his Prince Charming costume.
Early tests on cancer cells have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent.
Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans.
The ground-breaking technique may provide a universal blueprint for vaccines that can target a wide range of human cancers.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
Sleepless night were the top occurrence, with almost half (46%) of Brits citing that this causes anxiety.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
The 41-year-old was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine.
He was a crucial player in the Red Devils' 1998-99 season.
Bloomqvist now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks.
An elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course in Far North Queensland.
The 75-year-old man was playing golf on Monday when he was bitten on the leg.
He drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on his Twitter account.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, on Friday.
Officers found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned.
A man, 18, has been arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living.
70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
Julie Sweet, 39, has lived alone in Clovelly for five years.
She is currently a Psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in Psychotherapy.
Lisa Hollinshead, 30, resides in Bondi and enjoys her solo living lifestyle.
Airbnb rentals offer places that cater to interior decor of all tastes.
Here, MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings.
In the 1960s, there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression.
Students, parents and staff at a Melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler.
The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015.
Although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption.
An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students.
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
One member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week.
Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk'
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes.
General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
The Obamas' living quarters in the White House and Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's home placed second and third respectively.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga clash against Malaga.
The Frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem.
Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed Benzema will miss the game.
Real are currently two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
The study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios.
Projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the IPCC.
The latest study, however, says this climate model may be wrong.
'Climate wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade.
They exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations.
If not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models.
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout.
Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
QPR travel to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue.
Agnieszka Radwanska lost 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to Sara Errani at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart.
The world No 9 follows Ana Ivanovic out of the tournament.
Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas in the second round.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco.
She claimed she collapsed at home due to 'low blood pressure'
Italian media claimed Ms Moric was found by her mother on Saturday.
Ms Moric told her fans she was well and had no intention of taking her own life.
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system.
The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by Auction Team Breker in Cologne, Germany.
Manuel Garza Jr. was given the death sentence after killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001.
He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.
As the lethal drug began taking effect, Garza uttered: 'Here it comes!' and then he let out a howl that was cut short within seconds as he took three deep breaths, then a couple of shallow ones.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Her close friend Devan Rook said she had thought nothing of it when her friend went to the school nurse on Monday afternoon.
Public Health and school
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister 'the fat' and 'fatty' in emails.
Bianca Rinehart, along with her brother John Hancock, lodged a Federal Court to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting.
The siblings want to access to records of mining profits.
They have accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
Her grandmother Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with the illness.
The 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother developed problems.
Miss Mulligan is a patron of the Alzheimer's Society and said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho insists that Chelsea do consider commercial deals.
Muto has scored three goals in four games so far this season.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London.
The 33-year-old was attending in a private capacity, having received a personal invitation from the hotel.
Prince William had left pregnant Kate and son George in London while he undertook a week-long tour of the Far East.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her three children were found murdered in their home in Tisdale, Saskatchewan.
The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.
He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
Police have yet to release much information at this time, only saying that the suspect and victim did know one another.
Tories launch new poster campaign showing Ms Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader.
Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon uses article in Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim that she can help 'lead the UK'
She reveals that her party’s manifesto will include pledges in policy areas which don’t even directly affect Scotland.
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading Test wicket-taker in Antigua.
Anderson took 384th wicket of Denesh Ramdin to claim 384th scalp.
Sir Ian Botham's record was equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had Marlon Samuel caught in the gully by James Treadwell.
Botham was watching the Test while on media duties with Sky Sports.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994.
Her body was found in a canal five months later weighed down with a 20lb rock.
Sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer.
She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois.
Police say Howell had just stolen a handgun from Tramond Peet, 18.
Peet told officers he met Howell with the intention of selling him the gun.
But Howell tried to snatch it without paying and the firearm went off.
He then claimed the two tussled over the weapon, which was fired into the ground.
Autopsy revealed Howell was hit by two bullets, both from behind.
Pet appeared in court Monday on two counts of aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Mark Bellis, honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk about the history of binge drinking in Las Vegas this week.
He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife.
Many of the concerns of the ancient authorities were strikingly similar to ours, according to Dr Bellis.
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all its flights.
The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey.
Virgin Australia continues to offer complimentary tea, coffee, juice and water on all flights.
Niamh Geaney, 26, from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers.
They were asked to find their closest lookalike within 28 days, and were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world.
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
The search isn't over until April 27.
Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund met in the 2013 Champions League final.
Der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the European football calendar.
A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead.
But it isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers.
Camellias are amazingly versatile. You can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact.
Potted camellias won't last as long as those in the ground.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the Shell Houston Open.
The 27-year-old is playing in his first PGA Tour event.
Day is hoping to earn a place in the field for the Masters.
Jordan Spieth leads the way in Houston.
Jordan Henderson has agreed a new long-term contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract.
Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms.
His new deal will run until the summer of 2020.
Strike by French air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights.
Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at Britain's ports.
Christopher Flowers, 84, dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt on March 9.
He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from top.
But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned flames so much.
As flames surrounded his head, three Good Samaritans pulled over to help.
At first, using their hands, then by hurling him into snow bank.
Flowers was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, where he died on Sunday.
Last month, Flowers's wife, Flora, spoke of wish for him to regain health.
Bricks fell from the top of a building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon crushing a car below.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m.
No one was injured during the accident but this minivan below the building was destroyed.
The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported.
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.
They say it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880, according to scientists.
Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years.
Jimmy Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record haul of 383.
Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley.
Former team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown spoke to those who knew him and played with him.
Dental kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops.
They are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns.
But more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work.
The price of receiving filling by a NHS dentist in England is as much as £52.
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a view.
Inside, the modern home, complete with pool, gazebo, and al fresco dining options, can be yours.
Hameau du Temple, located near Uzes, in the South of France, is the perfect Provencal family summer home.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims.
Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere.
Unite baron Len McCluskey has boasted that trade unions 'own' the Labour party.
He said: 'The Labour Party is our party. We built it, to serve us'
The boast comes only 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing Labour’s budget.
Sweet Cakes by Melissa faces a $135,000 fine after being found guilty of discriminating against a lesbian couple.
Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her husband Aaron refused to make them a wedding cake in June 2013 because they disapprove of gay marriage.
The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
They said they had received death threats and were worried about losing their two foster children after the case received widespread attention.
Oregon prohibits businesses from discriminating based on sexual orientation and the Christian bakers
Go Pro video shows skydivers linking arms as they jump out of plane at 10,000ft.
At that moment, the camera from one of the divers's helmets becomes detached and falls to the ground.
The camera was discovered by Kristoffer Örstadius's father in a meadow in Gringelstad, Sweden.
It is believed the footage was taken four years ago and Kristoffer uploaded the footage in the hope of finding its owner.
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying Georgina Bartter with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills.
Ms Bartter died after collapsing on the dance floor in November last year.
She is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the 'one and a half pills' she took on the night.
Police allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, 19.
Mr Forti pleaded not guilty to three counts of supplying drugs and possessing MDMA at the Downing Centre Local Court on March 25 and will return to court in May.
Haris Vuckic has thrived at Rangers under new manager Stuart McCall.
The 22-year-old has scored six goals from 10 games for the club.
Vuckic could leave St James' Park at the end of the season.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Pudu, Malaysia.
She disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
The six-year-old was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
CCTV footage captured the tragic moment she disappeared through gap.
Her distraught father Musa said: 'I made a mistake and my daughter is dead'
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan.
It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker.
However, it appears this latest edit was missed.
Google often places so-called Easter Eggs, or hidden features, within its maps and search engine such as the recent Pac-Man game.
Her Majesty attended a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London.
She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the event.
During the First World War commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders.
Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry.
The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief.
Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday.
She was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal.
Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
Taffee had a foal, 10-month-old Biscuit, who the family are now in the process of finding a surrogate mother for.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture.
He hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head.
The patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in 2012.
Prof Peckitt claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face.
But he was 'erased' from the medical register after a medical tribunal found his fitness to practice was impaired.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
He is charged with complicity in the killing of 300,00 Jews at the Auschwitz death camp.
Groening, 93, is accused of being responsible for the deaths of 425,000 Jews from Hungary.
During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed'
He was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday.
Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded.
Number jumped from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014.
Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil.
France in second, followed by the US, Canada and UK.
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in White House.
It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia.
But for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm.
Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk.
He said he wanted to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe.
The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries, ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17.
iD will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans.
Mick Schumacher makes his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany.
The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team.
Schumacher Junior will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race.
He will take part in two more races on Sunday.
Le'Veon Bell will appeal the NFL's decision to ban him for the first three games of the season.
Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.
LeGarrette Blount will miss the first game of the new season after being charged with marijuana possession.
Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht.
Scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash.
The 19-year-old is the son of former Guinea international Souleymane Oulare.
Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies.
The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are the initial frontline spin options.
Steve and Sarah Nick allegedly built up huge arsenal in basement bunker.
They are accused of plundering 67-year-old mother's savings to fund haul.
Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, in August last year.
Officers also discovered bullet proof vests, including one for daughter.
Mrs Nick, 32, was employed as a bus driver for the Flint School District.
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31.
Bobby, 46, shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that 'Bobbi is awake,' during a Dallas concert on Saturday.
On Monday, the singer released an official statement about his child writing: 'Bobby Kristina's condition has changed and there has been improvement'
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are to marry after reuniting.
The pair grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.
They reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding.
Pair were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez gave away a $21,960 car for free on Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing.
After the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
Producers however decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47.
Her dismembered body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales.
May is charged with a single charge of murder and is remanded in custody.
He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour.
He posted a mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook.
The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
MPs and human rights campaigners said Mr Blackwood is enduring appalling conditions in the notorious Insein prison.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory.
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek.
The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community.
Gang posing as wealthy Italians built flat-pack wooden cabinet.
They planned to put real money in briefcase and show it to jeweller.
Then, while price was agreed, man in cabinet would switch case for counterfeit notes.
Gang would then walk off with their money and stolen jewellery.
Three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on conference room.
Officers suspect similar scams have been carried out across Europe.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour.
The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione.
He has developed what he claims is the ‘smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made’
Nicola Sturgeon hailed shock winner of TV debate according to one snap poll.
Labour battling to fend off SNP landslide in traditional Scottish heartlands.
Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage.
Tories rushed out poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon’s pocket.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey.
Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book.
Now Nick is being very vengeful, dating other women in public including Nicole Murphy, Michael Strahan's ex.
The estranged stars have been going back and forth about this since Nick filed for divorce in December.
The fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in Leeds city centre.
Critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough.
McDonald's has defended the use of the spikes, claiming they were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti-social behaviour, not target the homeless.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
In the new chapter, shared by the Huffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children.
She explained how in 2014, she and her husband got the 'wonderful news' that their daughter Chelsea and her investment banker husband Marc Mezvinsky were expecting a baby.
But, whereas she and Bill had been disorganized ahead of the
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta.
Back in 2007, the Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger' the best in America.
Price was known for her no-cursing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 to progress to the third round.
David Ferrer also through after his opponent retired with a shoulder injury.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff to reach the next round.
Man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario.
He was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
In the video, the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his white T-shirt.
Seven baby foxes were discovered in a cardboard box in a car park in Pennsylvania.
Vets at the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center said they know the cubs are red foxes because of their white tales.
The pack will be returned back to the wild in July.
Charity Bite-Back believes one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup.
The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country.
Just one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets.
Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising soup as 'fish fin soup'
Tim Sherwood wants to make Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings.
Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
The 22-year-old creator has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, and her husband James, 38, face felony conspiracy charges.
They allegedly set up a GoFundMe page asking for donations for their daughter Sofia.
The page had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000.
Friends said they had their suspicions about the fundraiser because their stories did not seem to add up.
In 2006, they were accused of accepting payments to take wedding photos in California but never delivering the images.
Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday, with visitors — some of whom wore 'I met Tuah' buttons — lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse.
Tuah's parents Eve and Elijah, both passed away last fall just a few weeks after Tuah's birth.
After four months of round-the-clock care from zookeepers and his older sister, an orphaned orangutan baby is ready to meet the public.
Smita Haval Khamitkar, 38, was shot by her husband along with their two sons - aged six and 10 - before he turned the gun on himself.
The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.
There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men.
They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast.
It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing.
Police said the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
The broadcaster, who recently hosted coverage of the Boat Race, has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
The 44-year-old said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
Dr Sameer Patel has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'
Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar.
Dr Patel says the best drink for your teeth is fluoride water.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's hard-to-find husband.
The couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony.
Images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away.
They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.
The images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres.
It shows variations in surface materials, and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.
Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester.
Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014.
She will next appear in court on May 8.
Zeus, a German Shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in Connecticut on Wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
The tribute for the police dog began around 4.45pm and ended at the Ridgefield Veterinary Hospital.
On Wednesday, the police department wrote an emotional message about Zeus on their Facebook.
'Today is the day we have to say goodbye to our beloved K-9 Zeus,' they wrote.
Zeus assisted with more than 250 narcotics arrest and also helped officers track down 50 missing or wanted individuals.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic.
He was hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago.
His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off.
Nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out.
She and another nurse who saw it were suspicious and reported him to his boss.
Valentine admitted ten allegations of taking photographs without medical reason or consent.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's game against Newcastle United.
The striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Brendan Rodgers said Sturridge will have his fitness monitored.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral.
The Spanish royals are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
AJ Francis, 24, plans to work for Uber during the off-season.
The Dolphins defensive tackle is a regular user of the taxi app.
Francis, who played his college ball at Maryland, is set to make $510,000 next season.
Officials at Duke University say they have caught the student culprit responsible for hanging a noose from a tree on campus this week.
The noose sparked a mass protest on campus on Wednesday.
Officials say the noose was found about 2am Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building.
Commentator Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government.
She said Australia's approach of having 'balls of steel and tiny hearts' should be followed as policy by the Brits.
But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers and social justice groups.
Hopkins claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker.
Bedford Borough Council staff read an article recounting his exploits.
He was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
Council said it was one of the'most outrageous cases' of blue badge fraud.
New York City's Landmarks Law turns 50 on Sunday.
The law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978.
Owners of properties given the designation must get permits from the commission before making restorations, alterations or additions.
Landmarks Preservation Commission was given mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered York home with wreaths.
Items were taken from the grave of Telan Carlton, who died aged 11 months.
Couple admitted handling stolen goods at York Magistrates' Court.
They were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth Team League.
Dominic Solanke and Izzy Brown scored for the Blues in Nyon.
Solanke, Brown and Ruben Loftus-Cheek have all been involved in the first-team squad.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season.
Watford are currently just one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth.
Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings.
Lawyers have warned that controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic.
The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters.
But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes.
The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
More than 1,000 dust mites live in just one metre square of carpet and they produce approximately 2000 droppings in their lifetime.
Bas van Velzen met Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic at Melwood.
Van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits.
Balotelli wore his famous t-shirt during the game.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour were the subject of a mix-up involving Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United on April 18.
Fellaini was substituted at half-time against the Toffees.
The Belgian was dealt with in midfield by Kurt Zouma.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm)
Enner Valencia is available again following a toe injury.
James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season.
Marc Wilson is available for Stoke despite a broken hand.
Jon Walters has had a knee problem but has been training and is also in contention.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise.
The north London club are looking at options to 'future-proof the design'
The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London.
Officials will be testing logistics when they stage their three games at Wembley this autumn.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date.
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland.
Claims on packaging that it is from the UK, but a stamp on the meat is from New Zealand.
Asda says it has carried out an investigation into the mistake.
Mrs Sharp has refused to accept Asda's explanation that the mistake was a one-off.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica.
The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible.
It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this strange characteristic, by its long toes and black and white eyes.
Scientists have discovered an aphrodisiac for frogs and fish.
Added to water, a supplement has been shown to boost reproduction in frogs, fish, mollusc and roundworms.
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective face mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR.
The Spaniard broke his nose last week after taking a hit to the face.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca.
He travelled to see a specialist who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.
The British photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
She directed other women to portray the emotional stages often experienced following a break-up from loneliness to loss of appetite.
Michelle Woods, 44, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving'
When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
Ms Woods believes the four-foot red and orange corn snake may belong to the property's previous tenant.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat.
Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern.
The top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
Iker Casillas comforted a young fan hit by a ball during Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
Casillas handed the fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval.
The veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident.
Man, who has not been named, turned a gun on himself at Universal Studios.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride.
Few visitors are thought to have seen the act, because of the secluded spot.
Universal Studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family.
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Benaud played a key role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Former Australian spin bowler Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute on social media calling him the 'Godfather of cricket'
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour.
One town recorded more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather, though no injuries were immediately reported.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act.
There are plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges.
From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it.
Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Kevin Gameiro saved his goalkeeper's blushes with a late equaliser.
Sevilla had looked to have cost his side their progress, with the game heading towards extra time.
Bacca had put them in complete control, before Gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining.
Karlie Kloss's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year.
The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes, which cost $2,000 per student.
Eric Cantona says Javier Pastore is the best player in the world.
The former Manchester United forward was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared with Lionel Messi's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo’s 51 for Real Madrid.
Cantona was third in the Ballon d’Or in 1993 behind Roberto Baggio and Dennis Bergkamp.
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West visited St James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday.
The church was the location of choice for the Kardashian-Wests for the baptism of their nearly two-year-old daughter.
Kanye gave a surprise free performance in the Armenian capital city, Yerevan, on Sunday night.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.
She was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner.
Wilkinson was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed.
Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer.
Benaud was renowned for his calming tone as broadcaster.
His pure disdain for Trevor Chappell's underarm delivery for Australia in 1981 is equally as memorable.
Kyle Walker picked up an injury against Burnley earlier this month.
Scans showed the England international had not broken his foot.
Tottenham confirmed Walker faces another month out of action.
There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot.
The Keukenhof Gardens in The Netherlands is home to seven million blooms.
The Kenrouken in Kanazawa is known for their breathtaking cherry blossom blooms in Japan.
In the Extremadura region of Spain, the rolling plains of Caceres are never more beautiful than in full springtime bloom.
Pippa, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, left restaurant in Fulham last night.
Pair had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split.
Miss Middleton wore tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and heart-print top.
Kentucky Wildcats faced off against University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday night's semi-final game.
The Badgers broke their winning streak with a 71-64 loss.
Now, its Wisconsin heading to Monday's final to play Duke - their first final since 1941.
But while the Badgers were still celebrating on the court Saturday night, violence broke out on the streets of UK's campus in Lexington.
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston.
The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter.
At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
School security guards and staff manage to break up the fight.
Unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland.
The 74-year-old actor, who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades, is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.
He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras.
Jordan survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil.
Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a handball against Monaco.
The 30-year-old centre-half slipped onto the turf after slipping.
Juve were able to progress to the Champions League's last four.
They won the tie on aggregate, having led from the first-leg 1-0.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday.
The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards.
Rafael Nadal's first match of this year's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.
It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
She returned to the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas, six days later.
The church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Grave, a former nursing student, said she was'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will, despite protestations from her parents.
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise less than 5 per cent of the company's sales.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights.
McLaren and Honda made significant progress in Malaysia.
Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad.
Laura Cody and Tanbay Theune have been criss-crossing the globe.
Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours.
Volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping others.
A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, on Thursday.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.
A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery.
The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 has lost his last seven matches to the Serb.
Djokovic is now sixth in the all-time list with Rafael Nadal.
Vincent Kompany was substituted in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
The captain could have been sent off for a challenge on Daley Blind.
Manuel Pellegrini claims he does not feel under pressure at the Etihad.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola and Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp have been linked with a move to City.
Ian Joll was missing presumed dead after he crash-landed his plane on a Dutch beach.
Sq Ldr Joll survived the crash and persuaded a ship to take him back to England.
His medals - including the Distinguished Flying Cross - will be sold at auction.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham.
The forward has scored just twice since his last start in the Premier League on November 2.
He has pocketed £3.4million in wages since then.
Scotland has been named the most popular wedding destination in the UK.
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country.
Survey finds that Scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000.
Argyll and Bute is the second most popular area for weddings in Scotland.
Jennifer Connelly married in East Lothian in 2003.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August.
The relationship turned sexual in January, police have revealed.
Worthen allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'
Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police.
He was arrested on Friday and is facing charges
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, 'on business'
Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
Suzanne, whose CV glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering, insists they all ski or snowboard in their free time.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi have had Caesar as a pet for about two years.
They were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off.
A Department of Natural Resources conservation officer shot Caesar on the belief the pig was wild.
The family are now trying to get Caesar's body back, but have been told they can only take possession of ashes.
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
The 47-year-old actress made the comments in an interview with Stylist magazine.
The Duchess is famous for philanthropy but not, until now, feminism.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept.
The shooting left her paralyzed below the waist.
McCollom resigned from the chief's job in March.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India.
Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) – more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
Didier Drogba attended his charity ball at London's Dorchester Hotel.
The Chelsea striker raised a staggering £400,000 for his Foundation.
Drogba and his team-mates helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in Abidjan, Ivory Coast's capital, later this year.
Project is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme.
It doubles the number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000.
Property would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value.
White female student captured in Snapchat photo detailing'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina.
Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking.
But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s'
She was identified by other students and condemned for the slur.
She has been suspended and is also facing a USC code of conduct inquiry.
Alan Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA.
The Newcastle boss called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t'
Pardew has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive.
Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era.
Carl Hayman admits Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title.
The Cote d'Azur outfit will host Leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on Sunday, April 19 in the last four.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Harry Redknapp says Sterling should focus on his football.
Redknapp said Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey.
The man, who only gave his name as Chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank.
He said Australia Post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay.
Chris suggested introducing penalties to help improve the quality of service.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville.
The former Manchester United defender has been critical of City's form.
But Neville believes some work on the side in the summer is required.
City were humiliated by rivals United on Sunday as they lost 4-2.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
The pair are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents.
Sherwood hinted on Monday that if Ramsey's tenure at Loftus Road ends, he would ask to bring him to Villa Park.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball.
Defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match.
The Black Cats are without a game this weekend and have a tough run-in.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography.
Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from Democrats.
Benefits recipients were previously permitted to spend their government money to bail themselves and family members out of jail.
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy.
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP.
But speaking to the BBC tonight, Mr Miliband rejected claims SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
He refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs, crime and the effect of tuition fees.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
Meacham has been a Memphis Grizzlies season-ticket holder for the past seven years.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke.
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix.
The circuit has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives.
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app.
The 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s.
She struggled to meet someone so ever determined, she came about creating her own dating app for lesbian, bisexual and curious women.
Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters but the app has since gone into decline seeing Josh seeking a five million dollar investment.
David Cameron said he was a West Ham fan, despite supporting Aston Villa.
Tory leader has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade'
Cameron attended his first match at Villa Park as a 13-year-old.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to the same school.
Mr Osborne attended St Paul's School for boys in the 1980s.
Ms Harman, Labour's deputy leader, insisted they were only'standing up for people at the top'
But sharing a breakfast TV sofa with her was Mr Osborne.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson were left stumped by a children's jigsaw.
The London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands.
Prime Minister tried out what could be a new election slogan.
After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors, the pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint.
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce.com, is now trying to relocate state employees who are uncomfortable with Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The law was brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence but has sparked boycotts of the state amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays.
Benioff was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill, calling it 'brutal' and 'unjust'
The San Francisco-based tech company, which offers ‘customer relationship management’ to other companies, has a total 2,000 employees in
ISIS thugs are filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra.
The slickly produced seven minute footage was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation.
ISIS currently controls a swath of land slightly larger than the UK, from Aleppo to central Iraq.
Fanatics claim ancient relics are 'false idols' which promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Kramer says that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president.
The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year.
Activists in the Missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries'
The guard were activated again in November ahead of the November 24 decision by a St Louis grand jury who decided not to indict the officer, Darren Wilson, who shot Brown.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter.
One owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals.
Three 'A-list' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan.
Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years working in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland.
The 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia.
Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues.
McShane is set to retire later this year, with the local authorities currently on the lookout for his replacement.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets.
The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin.
After spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life.
Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League on Sunday.
Ancelotti has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during his first game.
He did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled.
Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had no regrets about the incident.
The incident occurred during the Royals' 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford City.
Amanda Goff, 40, is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort.
She said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently 'better' mothers' when she revealed her double life.
The mother-of-two said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media.
Ms Goff said she is not ashamed of her decision to go public and says she is the 'happiest' she has ever been.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night.
Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute.
Steve Cotterill's side are seven points ahead of MK Dons in third.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan in 2013.
The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year.
Coutinho made his Inter Milan debut at 18, but was underused.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet.
The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Videos have also revealed that the animal has distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in Tibet.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation.
She is a Labour party member and the owner of a £1million house in Islington, London.
In reality she has been one of the country’s biggest gainers from the private property boom.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus erected several 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week.
He says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street.
Plastic Jesus says the signs aren't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the whole world of reality television.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880.
They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement.
The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Her death came in the same week as Misao Okawa, who died on April 1.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, from the Lunt-Fontanne Theater.
A movie industry source said Weinstein gave her two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show.
Weinstein, 63, was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent.
Arsenal midfielder was given the opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Pele has bemoaned Brazil's performance as hosts at last summer's World Cup and said it was 'a disaster'
Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display.
Jose Mourinho hails Terry as the captain's best under him.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Oświęcim, Poland, has 250,000 visitors so far this year.
Visiting scenes of death and disaster might seem inappropriate to the average holidaymaker, but dark tourism appears to be on the rise.
In 2014, 1,534 000 people visited Auschwitz, the highest number during one year than ever before.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up.
The latest tribute comes just one week after Ms Scott was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
Her son-in-law, Glen Scorr, alerted authorities in March after he became suspicious that she was being 'financially exploited' by her two sons.
Michael Rule, 51, is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628.
NASUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem'
Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief package from Pakistan.
Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony.
Sean Heslop, 47, has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent.
He was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month.
The woman, who is now 18, described herself as a'mummy-to-be' on one social media page and posted online a picture of the three-month scan of her unborn child.
She wrote that she was 'in a loving relationship' and had a lot of support, but said some people were quick to judge her because she was a pregnant teenager.
Mr
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately.
But a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.
Players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.
She admitted there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed.
Her decision sparked an ugly blame game as architects of the £20million 'politically-motivated witch hunt' turned against each other.
Campaigners questioned why the Crown Prosecution Service was still putting three journalists in the dock for the same supposed offences.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy.
But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season.
The Spanish keeper has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Phil Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping De Gea at Old Trafford.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show.
The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York.
Violet will be seen as her far younger self, with events taking place decades before the first series of Downton Abbey.
Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year.
The British cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track.
James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
María Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly 9 years behind bars.
Carrascosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child.
She defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed.
Her release came after her daughter and estranged husband wrote letters to the court urging a judge to set her free.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as Spurs took 2-1 series lead.
Clippers must now come from behind after two straight defeats.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in playoff series.
Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old could take over the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season.
Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint Dempsey.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he could not ban the pictures.
But said celebrities will be discouraged from taking them at this year's festival.
He said: 'You never look as ugly as you do in a selfie'
Celebrities who will have to watch their selfie-taking include Cate Blanchett.
Also in the lineup are films by Italy's Nanni Moretti and Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed.
They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure.
FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal.
The Atletico Madrid striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders.
Paul Scholes has criticised Mandzuka for over reacting.
He claims the Atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him.
Five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air.
It strayed into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival.
The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into air.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with Bruce Jenner.
Mr Jenner is said to have'rear-ended' her white Lexus, which was pushed into oncoming traffic.
The car collided with a black Hummer, leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck.
Mrs Howe's stepchildren have 'lawyered up' because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
The senior advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday.
The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign.
Clinton plans to sell herself as being able to work with Congress, businesses and world leaders.
Mustafa Kamal has stepped down as ICC President.
He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh.
Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage.
The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1.
It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Workers at fast food chains, including McDonald's, staged protests last year, asking companies to raise wages to $15 an hour and demanding a union.
Jose Mourinho started without a striker against Arsenal.
The Chelsea boss was forced to start Willian in a deeply withdrawn role.
Oscar was part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half.
Mourinho is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth Barclays Premier League title for this football club.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom.
Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work.
June's oldest daughter, Anna 'Chickadee' Cardwell, has accused McDaniel of repeatedly abusing her when she was just a child.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television.
Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday night's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol.
The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27.
Battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after lodging complaint.
Manhattan District Attorney concluded criminal charge against Weinstein is 'not supported'
Weinstein, 63, is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman, 38.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was fired by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body’s management board ahead of their spring meeting today.
Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job.
Andrew Strauss is another possible candidate.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions.
The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits.
He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries, with each one taking anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes to complete.
So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings, and has handed out five-star reviews to top attractions.
Oriol Romeu is currently on loan at Stuttgart from Chelsea.
The Blues host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Aston Villa and Liverpool clash at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final.
Beatrice Tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month.
She has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars.
But on the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Mr Tollman repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America.
Alistair Brownlee won World Triathlon Series in Cape Town.
The 27-year-old tripped during the run leg of the cycling stage.
Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Scientists discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California.
They found that a small genetic element was able to accelerate mutation of a specific part of the virus's own genome.
This is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in.
It is thought that there may even be more biomass living on Earth than on its surface.
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday.
A 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman.
The man suffered 'injuries to both legs and was in a stable condition'
He has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City.
Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges.
The minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel, full of items'sold at an absurd mark-up'
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League.
Everton travel to Burnley in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Chelsea travel to Manchester United for FA CUP SEMI-FINAL.
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian, has not spoken a word in five days.
A classmate who had allegedly bullied him gave him the water.
But medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk.
They say the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night.
Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran.
The 17-year-old jumped over a three-foot high wall before he fell six stories from the building.
He was taken to St Barnabas Hospital where he was listed in critical condition.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started.
Inter Milan hold the record for fielding the oldest ever starting line-up in the competition.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy disappeared from the front garden of their home.
Neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
The theft has been reported to the police in Doncaster, South Yorkshire.
Adam Deacon, 32, appeared in court over allegations of harassment against writer.
Allegedly sent abusive tweets including death threat to writer Noel Clarke.
Deacon, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court.
He was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in Barrington, Illinois, is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens.
It took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
The show centers on Lucious Lyon, played by Terence Howard, deciding which of his three sons will take over his company, Empire Entertainment.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office and Code Enforcement.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network in Portadown, County Armagh.
Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
Experts say pieces from the meteorite would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
It comes after astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul, one of the most influential figures in early Christianity.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended Federal Bureau of Investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.
The thieves stole two Rembrandts - The Storm on the Sea of Galilee and A Lady and Gentleman in Black.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Money Man's trainer Freddie Roach has blasted Mayweather Snr.
Roach said Mayweather would be better off preparing for the May showdown with his uncle Roger.
Mayweather Snr has refused to respond to Roach's criticism.
Vaccine is based on animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus.
When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?'
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago.
The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans.
More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Richard Staveley, Protein World’s head of global marketing, said the firm is ‘just trying to make the nation healthier
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II.
They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.
The research was carried out by scientists by toying with a product from their own university - the Raven II teleoperated robotical surgeon.
Teleoperation means an operator can use the robot remotely, through a control console.
While this experiment was performed in a controlled environment and not on the operating table, the researchers said it's clear more stringent
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea.
The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
He has since travelled to see a specialist who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously.
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood.
She still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse.
'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again. I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep'
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat.
The encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington.
Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region.
Three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall in 100 years.
Pictures show the concentration on his face as he moves towards the animals and his concern as he struggles to lead them out of the deep murky water.
The NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast.
James Weld has stumped up £15,000 to restore a public path to Durdle Door.
The steps to access the iconic rock archway were washed away in 2012.
Visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a crumbling cliff to reach the shore.
Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law for three years.
Navinder Sarao, 36, was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents.
He allegedly made £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home.
His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London.
Sarao was arrested on Tuesday at the request of US authorities, who have accused him of helping to trigger the Wall Street 'Flash Crash' of 2010.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday.
The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach and was charged with assault and public intoxication.
Hurst, a former corrections officer, then calmly grabbed the young man and took him down.
David Cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.
Mr Cameron will also argue ‘true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy.
He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade.
The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females.
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square.
He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world.
But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
The Pope, 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they will finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives.
He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government.
There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the 'apartheid' between those living north and south of the border.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall.
He was taunted by a group of three men and one woman before snatching a hat from his head.
When he tried to retrieve the garment, he was pushed to the ground.
One of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body.
Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home, but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the Lamborghini into a guardrail.
Gary Terry, 35, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake BueneVista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson doesn't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track, and there are no indications he was doing anything criminal.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta.
She was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs.
Her adoptive mother Michele, who is also a social worker, revealed in the blog post that it was her daughter's idea to write the letter because she is grateful for what she has.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.
Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish.
But they rank fourth and fifth respectively, behind Papiss Cisse and Olivier Giroud.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana.
The pair caught a Bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock.
When suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes.
Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week.
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his career.
Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in his first red-ball innings.
England have won their last three Tests under Alastair Cook.
The FA Cup will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup.
The new deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.
Aston Villa will face Arsenal in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday.
Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly.
A video posted to the newspaper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him.
Giordano says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but that they will not stop him from continuing to photograph the Gray protests.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
He thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire.
Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire in a 20-minute sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on Parker's upper lip.
The metal wire was sent to a pathology lab and Parker is taking antibiotics to prevent infection.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on from Washington after seven years of acting as the first lady's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks.
Jarvis, who's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff, admits she did not share Michelle's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore.
The Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
It took Molly, Dylan and I three weeks to do it, and we fitted so much in during that time it's difficult to even do it justice.
The road coils up and down cliffs and crosses cavernous gorges for almost 100 miles.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago.
But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the nine-storey building's 239 other flats into her apartment.
Her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined and she says she now hopes to move.
Ronda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after her hit debut appearance with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock at WrestleMania 31.
Rousey made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California.
She is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce UFC rival Bethe Correia.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome.
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football.
The BBC puts in an estimated £3m per year for Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
But broadcasters don't show Scottish football out of charity.
They do so because it fills their schedules and meets a level of demand.
A thick layer of dust on Mars covers the glaciers, so they appear as the surface of the ground.
But radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust.
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen.
They looked at how big the glaciers were, and also how similar they were to glaciers on Earth.
As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it.
If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour, owing to the low atmospheric pressure on Mars.
Ed Miliband was out campaigning in Bristol this morning – his first public appearance since Saturday.
His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day.
Labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live TV debates.
David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon was prominent on the campaign trail.
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts eponymous submarine from 1968 film.
Rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version.
It features handwritten notes instructing artists on correct colours to use.
Yellow Submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto The Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce was aggrieved that a foul by Eliaquim Mangala was missed.
The Hammers boss also screamed at fourth official Robert Madley.
Allardyce also questioned whether Stewart Downing paid the price.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, pleaded guilty to murder.
He stabbed Ricky James, 33, 39 times after luring him into woods with wine.
Pate told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off'
He even blamed the victim for the murder, saying: 'It was his fault'
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m)
The Chelsea owner frequently visits Tel Aviv on business and is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home.
The hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters.
Abramovich has been trying to buy a home in the Neve Tzedek quarter of Tel Aviv since 2008 when he had a $30m (£20.5m) bid for Chelouche House turned down.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
Some critics claimed that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.
It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160 °F) for up to 45 minutes.
The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy.
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children.
It is based on a novel by British writer Tom Rob Smith and was due to premiere.
Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over Nazi Germany.
Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky condemned the film for its depiction of the horrors of the Stalin regime.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh for 20 years.
She left £325,000 in her will to help poorer pupils attend the school.
The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio.
Ms Cowan asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at school.
A 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon.
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, said Susan Gregg, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
Police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Malaja's uncle, Edmond McNeil, came up to a KIRO7 reporter outside the hospital and delivered
Jason Denayer is set to return to England to spend a season on loan.
Manchester City have told Denayer they want him to spend next season.
Denayer has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic.
The 19-year-old had consistently stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked.
The DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN.
Leonhart has also been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, created the mammoth omelette.
It contains 12,000 calories and was made using 150 fresh eggs.
The overbearing dish contains 945g of protein, 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man.
More than 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm Saturday until 6am Sunday.
Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue.
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets.
He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
Fantasy Café in Hangzhou, eastern China, has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day.
The café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing China.
Customers say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthier air while enjoying coffee and meals.
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea as they beat Leicester City 1-1.
John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish that Kasper Schmeichel could not stop.
Ramires scored his third goal of the season with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
Jose Mourinho's side will be crowned champions on Sunday at Stamford Bridge.
Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair.
He travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes.
Traveller wears a green hoody, blue jacket and hat in every clip of himself in the video.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid.
The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown.
QPR need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division all together.
Nick Woodman, 39, is set to be named America's highest-paid CEO of 2014.
He clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year.
It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index.
Slumping to second place, Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.
But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth.
NHS does not routinely remove the type of tumour Colby had.
Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the Little Baby Face Foundation.
The E! star, 40, was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on Monday.
In her new memoir Going Off Script, she details her relationship with Jerry O'Connell.
Jerry dated Spice Girls singer Geri Halliwell from 2003 to 2004.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday.
She played four games for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer.
But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch (25cm) device.
It is moved through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan.
The Q fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device.
At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back.
They let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.
Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp.
The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
A quote attributed to Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer.
Joan Walsh Anglund, now 89, wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun; 'A bird doesn’t sing because he has an answer, he sings because it has a song'
Aston Villa travel to Manchester City on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood is confident his side can secure Premier League survival.
Villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the clash.
PSG beat Olympique de Marseille 3-2 in the French Cup semi-finals.
The Ligue 1 Champions will also have to cope without the injured David Luiz.
Labour has moved two points clear of the Tories with just 21 days to go.
Mr Miliband's poll ratings remain dire despite growing lead.
Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a 'capable leader'
Just a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis', according to poll.
Ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent.
The spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe.
The map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span.
She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.
Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter'
The case will be appealed, the defense said.
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators.
Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed'
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, is accused of killing his former roommate Shelby Fazio and her dog last October.
Santana is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog.
Jurors also heard that Santana even messaged a friend and forewarned what was to come, claiming he was going to 'gut' someone.
This came just days after Santana's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself.
Dr Fredric Brandt was found hanged in his home on Easter Sunday.
He was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Tina Fey's new TV show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
The cosmetologist was suffering from extreme depression before his suicide.
Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk, scientists claim.
They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral.
Because milk is the main source of iodine in the British diet, switching to organic may have a significant impact on health, they warn.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures.
On Wednesday, Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
The Spanish teacher, who has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School, allegedly planned to invite the boy over to stay the night so they could get high and have sex.
She allegedly exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last night.
Pep Guardiola split his pants during the clash.
The German club's manager joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
The trend for a tighter fit has emerged in recent years.
Blake Shinn bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Australia during the race.
The 27-year-old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Shinn compared his situation to that of beauty queen Jennifer Hawkins.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies.
Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson.
The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless run out.
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007.
I can't remember anyone saying his gesture was an affront to public decency.
What exactly is noteworthy about two men praying on the concourse at Anfield during Liverpool's FA Cup tie with Blackburn Rovers last month?
Why is it that when another group of supporters did the same thing at a West Ham match recently, their actions were met with similar consternation?
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel.
The idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Three most likely to vote Labour were Michelle, June and Andy.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm.
When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Terry Richardson is one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry.
He is known for his racy photo shoots as well as for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him.
This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
In a new interview with Vogue it was claimed that Kate was not happy with Terry for releasing the 'Cat Daddy' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician.
He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.
The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block.
Nathan was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
FireChat has been downloaded more than five million times.
It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF)
This lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network.
Greenstone lets users send messages to people in close proximity that are in Bluetooth or Wi-Fi Direct range - up to around 30 feet (9 metres)
Atletico Madrid know how to replace stars, from David De Gea to Thibaut Courtois.
Sergio Aguero was a star at Atletico before being replaced by Radamel Falcao.
Diego Costa has now become that bloodied battering-ram Mario Mandzukic.
Atletico manager Diego Simeone has been pulling the strings at the La Liga club in terms of transfers.
Detective Ian Cyrus, who has been suspended without pay, was caught on camera stealing cash.
His supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
Manager Ali Abdullah said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter, and Detective Ian Cyrus grabbing a handful of it.
Mr Abdullah was given a receipt from the police the following day saying $593 had been seized, but he realised $2,650 in store rent money was missing.
Juventus face AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Massimiliano Allegri's side have conceded only four goals in eight games.
Allegri believes Monaco will be a different proposition to Borussia Dortmund.
The tortoise casanovca was trying to mate with a female at Kiev Zoo.
But he lost his balance when the female moved away and fell on its back.
Photographer Vadym Shevchenko captured the hilarious moment at the zoo.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married.
Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.
But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care.
After just one month, a GoFundMe page started for the cause has received some $11,000 in donations.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie can be moved from estate to site nearby.
Visitors to Graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets.
They are to form a new, separate museum about the dead singer.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United.
The Dutchman's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago.
United need a quality right back – Nathaniel Clyne has been linked.
Luke Shaw has been like a rabbit in the headlights this first season.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty.
She was pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhoods.
As a part of the powerful series, Ms Parker photographs her daughters and their friends playing sports.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him with over 450 members.
The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills.
Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000.
Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20.
The WBA appear compliant, with no sign yet of him being stripped of his belt.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord.
But the club claimed the total theft amounted to £26,000.
Hughes, 31, spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight on May 2.
The pair will slug it out at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Pacquiao took to his Instagram account to share a video of his morning run.
Mayweather posted a video showing the American boxing star hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Steve McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle's short list for the head coach role at St James' Park next season.
The Rams boss insists his sole focus is trying to get Derby promoted to the Barclays Premier League.
McClaren admits there had been interest in him from Newcastle around the turn of the year.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012.
Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.
In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
The South Australian government is expected to respond to the coroner's finding later on Thursday.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre.
Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in attack.
But soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media claims.
Criticism comes as one of four gunmen identified as lawyer son of Kenyan official.
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people.
They found significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line.
Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today.
They are accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'
Six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
All face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million.
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online customers.
It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in Lincolnshire and Sussex.
Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.
The gang received £60,000 a week from the sale of unlicensed medicines during 2011 alone - a turnover of more than £3million.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions'
Animal charity has no more legal actions left under Hunting Act.
It dropped case against William Bryer, joint master of Cattistock Hunt in Dorset.
Following criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year.
The stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame.
Costa Rican government and Ambassador to Ecuador complained to the authorities.
The stunt sparked outrage from the Costa Rican Tourism Institute.
Adverts depicting Imperial beer and Costa Rica's national brand were displayed.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday.
The Irish FA are awaiting a report from structural engineers.
Windsor Park is currently undergoing major redevelopment.
Derry Mathews will take on Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title.
The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril.
Abril was forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite.
Mathews expressed his disappointment at losing out on a title shot.
Motiongate Dubai is set to open in Dubai in October 2016.
It will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 is debuting on Nov 20, 2015.
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about drinking habits.
Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol.
Between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only.
Comedian Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents Dinner on Saturday.
She poked fun at the president's inner circle and assembled media, including Hillary Clinton and NBC at the annual event dubbed the 'nerd prom'
She said that Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
ISIS has English language rules for all nurses.
The NHS does not have the same level of checks.
Details of the first nursing school to be opened in ISIS-held territory were revealed by on Twitter by Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently.
Kim Richards was arrested early Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer.
Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge.
At some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics.
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
The reality star had to be dragged out of the restrooms and taken to a nearby jail where she kicked a police
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG)
She played four games for Mount St. Joseph's women's basketball team.
She raised $1.5million for research into the cancer she suffered from.
LeBron James, 30, posted emotional farewell letter to Lauren via Twitter on Friday.
He praised her for 'leadership', 'courage' and'strength' she had shown.
James, who had never met Lauren, wrote: 'You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour.
Across 10 constituencies targeted by Mr Farage's party, Ukip has fallen.
Mr Farage admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign.
But insisted he was confident he could get it back on track.
Latest in a string of polls showing Ukip's support being squeezed by Tories.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday following their 2-0 loss to Derby County.
Caldwell was appointed in a permanent capacity on Tuesday.
Wigan chairman David Sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was arrested last Saturday for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter.
The mother-of-five had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband.
After their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home.
Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen with five games left to play.
Virgil van Dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season’s Player of the Year awards.
The prospect of a Treble evaporated last Sunday, an afternoon Ronny Deila describes as the worst of his career.
The 41-year-old man is accused of posting a 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
He is said to have posted the derogatory statements after watching a news bulletin about the war in Iraq on television last July.
If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail.
Prosecutors are now looking for the toughest punishment possible under the country's cyber-crime laws.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City on Friday morning.
Workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out.
Mr Zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser.
First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village on Saturday.
The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.
Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
After lunch the two were escorted into a waiting SUV.
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
He will be charged in connection with murder of Tracey Woodford, 47.
Ms Woodford's body was found dismembered in a flat in south Wales on Friday.
Her family have described her as'very kind-hearted' and'selfless'
They said: 'Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone'
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record.
This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F.
Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures.
Players with over 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected.
They will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas.
Other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons.
Will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year.
Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – Taipa and Coloane.
It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
The highlights for us were the Ruins of St Paul’s, elegant Senado Square, and A-Ma Temple, which is more than 500 years old.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday.
The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Sterling admitted links to Arsenal were 'quite flattering'
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b.
They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere.
And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h)
The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals.
To measure the wind, the team measured how the sodium lines were ‘blueshifted’
This means its light was stretched in such a way to indicate it was coming towards us.
The planet was already known to orbit 13 times closer to its star that Mercury is to our
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, reportedly shot dead by Eric Heath Price, 25, on Monday.
She ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police'
Price then returned to nearby home and staged standoff with 40 police.
When police fired tear gas into house, he came outside.
He was taken to hospital with self-inflicted gunshot wound to head.
Price has since been charged with murder of Mrs Price, who was nursing student.
Jim Furyk beat Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head.
Furyk, 44, carded a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play.
The 2010 winner claimed a second title at Harbour Town after coming through a playoff against Kisner.
Kevin Kisner tied at 18 under when he sank a birdie with his final putt.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6- 3 to reach Monte Carlo Masters final.
World No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row.
Djokovic will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final.
Disneyland has seen a number of changes since its grand beginning in 1955.
It is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of Walt Disney.
The cost for creating Disneyland was $17million, which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of Splash Mountain $75million in 1989, and $100-150million for Indiana Jones Adventure in 1995.
Naughty Boy, 30, has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music.
He posted a clip of a track entitled I Won't Mind, but has since taken it down.
The video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two.
It also enraged Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson.
Louis tweeted at the producer: 'Wow @NaughtyBoyMusic you're so inconsiderate pal, seriously how f****** old are you? Grow up! #masterofallwisdom'
Karen Davis from Port Pirie has caused controversy after a picture appeared on Google Maps Street View showing her bearing her size-K breasts.
The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app.
She handed herself into police voluntarily.
South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary.
Ms Davis, who plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday, has hit back at the controversy caused by her actions.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona.
They found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions.
One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies.
Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The 61-year-old is the brother of Boney M's lead singer Liz Mitchell.
Mr Mitchell was arrested on Wednesday night in connection with Abdul Hadi Arwani's death.
He has also been arrested for preparing and instigating acts of terrorism.
One man has been charged with his shooting while a woman, 53, was arrested this week on suspicion  of terrorism offences.
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn.
Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.
Issues Yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup.
This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013.
Kerber had defeated friend, countrywoman and defending champion Andrea Petkovic in the semifinals.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute.
Tom Ince doubled their lead in the 28th minute with a thumping penalty.
Darren Bent added a third goal inside the half-hour mark.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children.
Her remarkable story will be featured in a TV documentary.
She will create medical history when she becomes oldest mother of four.
Demetri Nelson, 27, still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt.
Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money.
Once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Nelson was charged with kidnapping and armed robbery.
Luo Kun Kun was banished from his village when villagers signed a petition.
They said he 'provokes fear among the community' and was a 'ticking time bomb'
But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help.
The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old.
Adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures.
Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life.
The safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London.
The seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price: £671,759.
This is more then the average price in some of the UK's most expensive cities, including Oxford, Bath and Edinburgh.
In the west London neighbourhood of Notting Hill, prices average £1,629,495, while Regent's Park comes in with an average property value of £1,338,467.
Natasha Willard, 17, fell ill while studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran.
She was diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain.
Her family are unsure how she became ill so suddenly.
They are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members at Columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university.
But they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor.
The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians.
Those doctors accused
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league.
The Carlisle manager has taken charge of Carlisle after learning his trade in the lower league backwaters.
Curle claims to have caught the management bug after playing for Wolves under Colin Lee and John Ward.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Josh Meekings was sent off after extra-time.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.
Rand Paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including Savannah Guthrie.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday.
Paul, who announced his bid for the Oval Office on Tuesday, admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them.
He maintained that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing'
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.
He dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by.
The seven-year-old was microchipped and was able to trace his owner.
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds.
Ulster and Ireland prop Fitzpatrick had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons.
Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Ceara Lynch, 28, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online.
Her first pair sold for $70.
She also sells more personal items online, taking provocative phone calls, and performing live webcam shows.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly victims out of cash.
She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground.
An 80-year-old man and an 81-year old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks.
Police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.
Hotel Chocolat has improved on the original recipe with their playful take on the sarnie.
Godiva's Alter Eggo's can be made at their stores for £5.
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday.
The regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
Ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta.
The boy, who cannot be named, must stay in the care of his local authority.
Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading.
He had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago, when NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth.
Judge Eleanor Owens said the boy's parents had accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to a diet high in sugar.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play.
Their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
Derby led the way earlier in the season but have now not won in seven games under Steve McClaren.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip.
Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.
The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm.
Fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed.
It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
'Untested and unscientific' apps cause stress by making us worry.
Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app.
Dr Des Spence warns newer apps could be causing unnecessary worry.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return.
Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara scored a century on day one.
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you.
Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations.
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of St Nicholas Church, Southfleet, near Gravesend, in Kent.
She begged him to think of their children as he launched his vicious attack.
But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened.
Norris was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
ISIS jihadis understood to have been fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil.
Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment.
When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities.
Details of the doctors' brutal murders in the northern Iraqi desert were reported by the country's Al-Sumaria satellite television network.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
She says women love cars just as much men!
The motor car is so much more than a set of gears and an engine.
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 2-0 at Carrow Road on Friday night.
Alex Tettey's early own goal gave the visitors a slim victory.
Aitor Karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the Premier League.
Bournemouth, who relinquished first place, play their game in hand on Saturday.
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver.
The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on Wednesday.
It took dozens of emergency services around five hours to extricate the girl in a remote high desert area west of Strawberry following the accident around 5.30pm.
Two other passengers managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him.
Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in April 2006.
In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
The officer joined the Marana Police Department roughly a year-and-a-half ago, where he is now being investigated by Internal Affairs.
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United on February 16.
The 38-year-old has found the net just once in all competitions for the club in his 38 appearances this season.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016.
The 23-year-old has played for the Blues in New Zealand since 2012.
Piutau has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey.
It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly.
Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless.
But money has been known to carry dangerous diseases.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in Manchester United.
The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986.
Ferguson announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute with a blistering counter-attack.
Kevin Mirallas added a third after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.
Louis van Gaal's side lost 2-0 to Manchester United in the same fixture last season.
Marouane Fellaini was hauled off at half-time and Angel di Maria replaced.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder at the end of a Mexican league match.
Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey with just seconds left.
Zavala fell to the ground and later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey.
Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda.
In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Relations between Moscow and Washington, and other Western powers, have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, faces multiple charges for 'obsessively' texting an 11-year-old student.
Allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting her.
The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
Xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year.
Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have come face-to-face just once in the build-up to the fight.
Mayweather was welcoming Mariah Carey to his Las Vegas gym.
Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Kimmel's talk show and delighted the audience with a rendition of his walk-in song.
Oscar Hernandez Jr, 24, has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake's murder case.
Earlier this month, Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch.
Samuels taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: 'The English boys don't learn'
Stokes is 94 not out after West Indies toiled to 188 for five.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe.
He insisted UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees.
Experts warn up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed.
Up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off Libya.
Second spectacular blast from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash.
The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated.
Ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Most Rev Justin Welby said victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly'
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass.
He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38.
Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
The Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million.
Brisbane's Anglican Archbishop has supported calls for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped.
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly in his calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law.
The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them and the killing was in self-defence.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child.
His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying.
He then refused to leave the family house for years.
But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros.
She is a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire in the summer.
Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians.
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad'
Survey of 1,000 undergraduates reveals dramatic fall in support for Green party.
Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent.
Labour has been the main beneficiary, with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for Ed Miliband.
Support for the Greens rose steadily over two years, and peaked at 28 per cent in February.
But since then it has dropped sharply to only 15 per cent, meaning they have now been overtaken by the Conservatives.
England beat West Indies by 13 runs in the second Test.
Alastair Cook scored the runs to win the match for England.
Anderson may have won it with his extraordinary display.
But Cook looks completely in charge of this England team.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements.
His daughter Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments.
She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United.
Leeds took two months to appoint assistant Steve Thompson.
Thompson was suspended until the end of the season effectively ending his time at Elland Road after 105 days.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her heaviest.
Doctors warned her she would be dead by the age of 30.
She has since lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former weight.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition.
She will then move to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth.
Ms Carney will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
If successful, she will set her on the path to citizenship.
Heather Mack, 19, is being held over the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
Indonesia’s Justice and Human Rights Minister called in unexpectedly to visit her.
Yasona Laoly said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start her life in a prison.
He said he had offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child.
Mack, from Chicago, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits.
They include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms.
The images, captured by anonymous travellers, were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming.
Taya Kyle, 40, was speaking to ABC's Robin Roberts for a special edition of ABC News' 20/20 which will air on Friday, May 1.
It will be the first in-depth interview that Kyle has given since former Marine Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of capital murder on February 24.
He was automatically handed a life sentence without the possibility of parole.
Kyle broke down in tears on the stand when she gave evidence on the first day of the trial.
Tommy Thompson, 62, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio.
Thompson led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
Around 400 people drowned in the 19th-Century shipwreck.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay.
Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940.
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940.
Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported.
The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde.
Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base.
Mark Selby began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship.
The 31-year-old from Leicester rocked Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final.
Selby returned to ease 6-3 ahead of Kurt Maflin in their first-round tussle.
No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were 'hard-wired very differently' and weren't as adept at playing chess as men.
Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season.
The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem.
Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Charlie Adam scored a 66-yard goal against Chelsea on Sunday.
The Stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this Easter weekend.
Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves in 2009.
Researchers from Lancaster University scanned the brains of people reading passages from the Harry Potter books.
They found 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings.
Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity'
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint.
The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark.
The Anthem of the Seas sailed past the Explorer of Seas as it made its way out of Southampton Docks.
The ship, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, will be based in Southampton this summer.
It will then move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Cruise liners, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean International, are set to welcome 80,000 people on board this summer and bring £50,000 to the local economy.
Laura Everley, 36, was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on Facebook describing all her symptoms.
She had been suffering from bloating, back pain, constipation and frequently needing the loo.
Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding raider in Flixton.
The father-of-three was only on his second shift at the Premier Stores.
CCTV footage shows the robber vault the counter before wrestling with the cashier.
Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in Palmers Green.
It allowed fraudsters to remotely access the computer to transfer cash.
The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts.
Ora was due to stand trial this week but yesterday admitted her part in the scam.
She claimed masterminds of the fraud had threatened her daughter.
Judge Richard Marks QC is due to sentence Ore later this morning.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday night.
Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for Rangers.
Stuart McCall's side leapfrogged Hibs into second place.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.
Boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at Nashville International Airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison.
At the time of his arrest last year, Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs.
Investigators found additional images taken inside the woman's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom.
Cristiano Ronaldo is to give Real Madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded.
AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key.
Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar.
Pictures were released by French Defence Audio-visual Communication and Production Unit.
They show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
France began setting up a command base in northern Niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat the patchwork of international jihadist groups.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, 29, for the first time.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a project called Twin Strangers.
The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world'
Miss Geaney and Karen say they've been chatting on Facebook 'constantly'
Pauline McKee, 90, thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16.
But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3.
The photo was taken a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club.
Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars.
He told the court that attending his father's clubs gave him an 'inflated sense of power and entitlement'
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to Britain.
The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany, who died in 1958.
Nico Rosberg got the better of Lewis Hamilton in second practice.
Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place.
Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit, leaving him in second.
Sebastian Vettel finished fourth, behind Rosberg, Hamilton and third-placed Kimi Raikkonen in Bahrain.
William Schultz, 18, was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay.
Schultz was arrested at a hospital in Antioch at 3pm.
The day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz.
Neighbors say five children lived there and it is believed Schultz may have been friends with one of the older siblings.
Ian Poulter is an alternative medicine convert who often uses the technique.
The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck.
Poulter has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past.
Robin van Persie is one of several players who have used horse placenta massages.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden.
The Ukrainian superstar will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years.
Klitschko won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996.
Amal Clooney, 37, tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September.
Her wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since.
From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses, the lawyer always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
Laura Robson has been practising in the United States.
The 21-year-old shared a photo on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival.
Robson's last appearance came in the 2014 Australian Open first round.
She has not played since due to a left wrist problem.
Olly Barkley has extended his stay at London Welsh.
The 33-year-old joined the Exiles last year.
Barkley won 23 Test caps, the last of which was against New Zealand in 2008.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
Kate, 33, was spotted in Zara Home in Kensington High Street.
She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry.
Lord Macdonald QC said decision not to prosecute Janner in 2007 was made by local CPS lawyers.
CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence was not worth pursuing through the courts.
Janner, now 86, escaped prosecution for eight years until CPS announced earlier this week that he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster.
Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers.
He is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement with Hampden chiefs.
But that did not stop Ashley exerting influence.
Two of his closest associates sat as directors until King forced them out.
New YouGov poll shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP.
Just 25 per cent backing Labour, robbing him of any possibility of majority.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government.
But she insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'
Luka Modric hobbled off the Bernabeu pitch with a knee injury.
The Croatian midfielder has sprained a ligament in his right knee.
Gareth Bale picked up a calf injury on Saturday.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid.
The striker will leave Real at the end of the season and return to Manchester United.
Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to transgender women.
It aims to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine.
The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.
The technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature'
It is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
The optical element acts as a tunable filter and the software would extract all the relevant information from the image.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window.
A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling.
It comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the Scottish Referendum.
Hilary Mantel's novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage.
Booker Prize award-winner has been reworking Mike Poulton's stage version.
Mantel has also cut 'a lot of repetition' to create a tighter, better play.
The plays will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow.
SBS football reporter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services.
McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and mocked the Digger's bravery.
The comments incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked.
Twitter users claimed that the tweets were offensive and 'un-Australian'
Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull also chimed into the discussion, calling the comments 'offensive'
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life.
He grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach.
The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances and 1,993 minutes so far this season.
Wayne Rooney has scored 12 times in 27 games and 2,383 minutes of action.
Van Persie's stats are favourable in comparison to his fellow strikers.
United's No 20 has provided the second most amount of chances among Van Gaal's forwards with 24.
Viewers have slammed Saturday Night Live for a controversial sketch.
During the clip, a 16-year-old boy refers to the attack by his teacher as 'the best day of my life'
The sketch sparked outrage on Twitter, with some calling it 'gross'
Another said it was a 'new low' and a 'gross and unnecessary'
YouTube user Joe Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project.
The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop, building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere.
A squeaky backing track that wouldn't sound out of place in a game of Pac-Man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'
Kanye, Madonna, Beyonce and other famous musicians were all co-owners of Jay Z’s new Tidal streaming service.
The father-of-one also wore a grey sweatshirt from his collection for Adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter North's nickname, Nori.
Gran Canaria is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons.
Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic.
He draws up his list of things to see and do.
Aldi opened its doors in Avlaston, Derbyshire, at 8am this morning.
More than 200 people were found queuing outside the store.
The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors.
It is one of 60 Aldi stores opening across the UK this year.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan.
The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.
But international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll.
Nazarbayev said: 'I apologise that for super-democratic states such figures are unacceptable. But I could do nothing'
Luis Suarez scored his second goal of the game to make it 3-0 to Barcelona.
David Luiz was left dejected after being embarrassed by Suarez for the second time.
Neymar 18, Suarez 67, 79, and Lionel Messi 7 were also on target.
Luis Enrique's side have scored more goals than any Champions League team away from home this season.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms.
The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, has been placed on FBI's Most Wanted list.
Federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.
Khan opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile.
Chelsea moved to the brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho says the race is not over yet.
Chelsea need just two more wins to clinch the championship.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are currently on a six-game winning streak.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young were among the stars who travelled to London.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four United players ruled out of the clash due to injury.
Van Gaal has revealed that Rooney may have to drop further back into midfield.
Apple announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
The initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions.
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson.
He abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into cars.
When they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head.
PC Bird stepped in to save him but as he did he was shot in the hand.
Olsen denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty of GBH.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle.
She has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery.
Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are set to fight on Saturday.
The fight has been billed as the fight of the century.
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative rings ahead of the bout.
World Boxing Council are launching a limited-edition jewellery range.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character.
The mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones.
Promise's bone structure is a result of clever contouring.
Footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea, New York, appears to show Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers.
Moments later, the video shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs.
It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club.
Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them.
Derby drew 2-2 with Watford at the iPro Stadium on Friday.
Steve McClaren's side are without a win in seven games and six points off the top two.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute after Cyrus Christie lost the ball out on the right.
A mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game.
Emma Walker, 15, became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'
Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone.
She was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions.
Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help others.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan.
George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New York, at the time.
He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Florida.
His fiance, who wanted to remain anonymous, said it was a 'weird coincidence' but insists she was with him the whole time.
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945.
At its peak in the 1950s, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States.
But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels.
Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater.
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
Signs have appeared in the Surrey village of Milford.
Written in black marker pen they read: 'please forgive me' and 'we need to talk'
They were first spotted by residents on Tuesday morning.
They have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author.
Lee Cattermole has yet again missed large portions of Sunderland's season.
The midfielder missed the defeat to West Ham United on March 21.
Dick Advocaat will welcome back the midfielder on Sunday.
Sunderland sit just a point clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Italian bio-designers MHOX have unveiled project to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease.
It could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision, people would be able to replace their entire eye.
The MHOX Eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January.
The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches.
Roberto Mancini insists the reports are 'completely made up'
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday.
The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Sky Bet Championship going into stoppage time after Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored.
Chris Maguire scored the Owls a point from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu.
But it was the failure of referee Paul Tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
Professor Roberts thinks apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how our culture treats boys and girls.
Empathisers are people who enjoy breaking down and analysing systems.
They are what Professor Simon Baron-Cohen called ‘male brained’
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
All four children were taken to St Christopher’s Hospital for Children for evaluation and were found to be in good condition.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have allegedly been butchered in Vietnam.
Farmers claim bears are dying from disease and old age.
But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
They are also selling their body parts to make Chinese medicine.
Only 1,245 of the animals remain in captivity in Vietnam, compared to 2,000 in 2014.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday.
The Robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
Aden Flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins this season.
City currently lead Preston North End by 10 points.
Mesut Ozil says he is playing his best football since joining Arsenal.
The German midfielder was off the pace at the beginning of this season.
Ozil says his injury has actually helped him, claiming it 'worked in my favour'
The 26-year-old is continuing to do extra strength sessions after training.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, charged with sexual battery.
They were arrested after police uncovered cellphone footage of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month.
The unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident.
Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected.
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished.
It is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers.
The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
Experts at Consumer Reports in the US tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp.
They found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.
In 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics, and seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection that is resistant to a number of antibiotics.
Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio, both of which can cause serious food poisoning.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
'All shots were done perfectly. These executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Indonesia's Vice President Jusuf Kalla said withdrawing an ambassador was a normal diplomatic protest.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week.
She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and lost 8st after changing her diet and exercising.
Says she 'wants to be healthy forever' and is now a size 12.
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference.
She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Today, she was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the conference.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway in Ortford, Kent.
It was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.
But during the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was stunned to discover she was expecting again.
Doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child.
She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome.
The mother-of-four stopped taking the Pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November.
Thabo Sefolosha was arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration.
The Atlanta Hawks star was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD officers.
He said he has experienced a'significant injury' and that it was 'caused by the police'
The incident happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea, New York.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday, April 8.
Charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers.
Previously, only the Liberal Democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum.
But last week Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support.
The Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge.
Rickie Lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers' decision to ignore Lambert is completely illogical.
Lambert scored 20 goals for Southampton - he may not be world class, but he is better than the alternatives.
Unnamed woman, whose email was shared by a recipient on Reddit, demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent from Ikea, and a $7.99 Cheerios book.
She even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them.
The recipient of the email labelled the post 'Most demanding 1st birthday invite ever' sparking an online backlash against the pushy mum.
Natasha Jonas has announced her retirement from boxing.
The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor.
Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games.
The Philadelphia Office of Transportation aims to get the city's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message.
A video from the office features characters in'safety suits' including Bubbleman, a 'Fashionista' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights.
The campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone, including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year.
It is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by
Freddie Gray, 27, was arrested last Sunday in Baltimore, Maryland, for an undisclosed violation.
In a video of the arrest, it appears the officers dragged Gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain.
Gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later.
He died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure that her city held 'the right people accountable'
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years.
Move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in Ireland.
Price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down price.
British farmers likely to find price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down.
Jay Z launched a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal.
Reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as Spotify and Apple.
'We may not be perfect - but we are determined,' he said while claiming that there are'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign'
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness in the Scottish Premiership.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the hosts in the first minute.
Edward Ofere equalised for the Toffees in the second half.
Scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee.
Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project.
It is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex.
Will Stack, 22, was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday.
He decided to use empty median lane to access left turn lane, which was full.
Moments later, he was stopped by officer for 'improper use of median'
Mr Stack, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, says he was given a warning.
Video has gone viral on social media, with many praising him for honesty.
Pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs in Yakutsk, eastern Russia.
The controversial contest is held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic to recognise the best canine bear hunter.
Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia, particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation.
John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is saying of his father's decision; 'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family'
The film Roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production.
The idea for the film came about when Noel Marshall and Hedren discovered an abandoned plantation house overrun by a large pride of lions.
They wanted to raise awareness for the inhumane treatment experienced by big cats in captivity.
Passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge.
He said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service.
London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation.
Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves.
Wolves are seven points behind Boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after Saturday's 2-1 defeat to Midlands rivals Birmingham.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe insists that his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years and is now 65 stone.
He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
Mr Thompson said he has always had problems with food and was caught raiding neighbours fridges when he was three.
But aged around 10 he was a normal size and played like a normal child.
Living off a combination of benefits and a disability allowance, Mr Thompson spends roughly £200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel.
He shows how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds.
The clip has now received almost 26,000 views.
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ.
The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery.
Book contains Alan Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'
It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
Turing committed suicide in 1954 and was convicted of indecency in 1952.
Fraser Ross, who founded Kitson, is embroiled in a legal dispute.
He is accused of swearing at staff in a Los Angeles store.
Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Kendall and Kylie.
Mr Ross is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers.
Despite bearing the Kitson name - Mr Ross' middle-name - the two stores in LAX are not run by him.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty.
Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection.
Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week after 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea.
Survivors from the boat have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion.
But they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Jessa, 22, and Ben Seewald, 19, recently announced that they are expecting their first child.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9.
According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
She has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery and made an initial appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Thursday during which she denied the charge against
Volcanic eruptions are some of the most violent events on the planet.
But the majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater.
Now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes.
Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead.
The research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before.
The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys.
The firm is also developing an orbital craft.
It will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.
Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland.
They are titled 'foam party', 'I feel like Nigel Thornberry' and 'Beach gone. Path gone. No reception. Possibly about to be swept to sea
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
The Prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother.
He made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying ‘Redheads Rule’
Harry, 30, is in Australia to report for official military duty.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over four years.
She was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital.
Lisa Webb, 34, first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France.
She feared her daughter would starve during the day.
But when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks'
In her native Canada, children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch.
They were given 20 minutes to wolf down whatever their parents had packed for them.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225.
Near Fort Carson, the Colorado State Patrol responded to a series of rush-hour crashes involving a total of nearly 20 cars.
FBI is facing accusations that it is 'whitewashing' possible Saudi Arabian involvement in 9/11 terrorist attacks.
A commission designed to review evidence about the world-changing bombings has not delved into an FBI agent's claims that a Saudi Florida family had ties to the hijackers.
The agency said that the report was 'unsubstantiated'
Relatives of homeowner Esam Ghazzawi lived in the plush Sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars, furniture and food in their refrigerator right before the attacks.
Footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
Group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before train pulls into station.
They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
Brawl spilled onto tracks when one person falls onto the line.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned that his Facebook photos were being used on a fake account - and ultimately scammed an Austrian woman out of $4,000.
The profile used his pictures but the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' and claimed he was from Ohio.
Heinrich realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen from Valente.
'Washington's horribly broken,' Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Tuesday, but it came in the midst of a TV interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions.
Paul, who launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky, sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions.
Guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient Paul cut her off.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped.
The African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
The amazing images were taken in the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
Charles Collins, 28, jumped onto the tracks after Alfred McNamee fell.
McNamee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen.
Collins said: 'I just saw him and jumped down... just instincts'
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.
Ed Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyer.
Labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.
The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
Thomas was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl in Detroit.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in nearby Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
The tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision and difficulty controlling facial expressions.
Hill devoted her final year to playing basketball, raising money for cancer research, and inspiring others.
She died four months later this month after playing with her college team at Mount St Joseph University in Cincinnati to raise $1.5million for research into childhood cancer.
The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection.
The fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation.
FEMAIL has rounded up the eight products you should be packing.
Three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney.
On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, according to the Manly Hydraulics Laboratory.
The photo, which was posted on the Sprout Daily Facebook page, was captioned: 'I didn't see a wave ridden but it was thrilling enough to see men scaled against these mountainous seas'
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead.
Four houses in the town were
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder.
He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
In the clip, which features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented, he is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players.
Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Manchester United.
United have a eight-point cushion over Liverpool and are in good shape to make the Champions League.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, died on Monday in Camden, Arkansas.
Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
She asked President Barack Obama to attend her birthday party on July 4.
The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'
Lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister Lydia, face of Sunkissed.
Sisters, who both work at Uni, show off toned legs in new shoot.
Lucy admits she used to overdo it on orange stuff in her teenage years.
Warrington Wolves face struggling Warrington Wolves on Easter Monday.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will lead the way for the Wolves.
Warrington have won their last five home games against Castleford.
They have dropped to seventh place after suffering a third consecutive defeat at Widnes.
The Queen has dropped out of the list of the 300 richest people in Britain.
Her wealth has increased year-on-year but has been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen.
Britain’s super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009.
The wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth £547billion, up from £258billion in 2009, an increase of 112 per cent.
Software extracts relevant colour information from images or artworks found online.
Graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century.
All colours increasing except for orange.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker.
The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
He has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes, had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica and was strip-searched at gun point while crossing into Israel from Palestine.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent.
Small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby.
According to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.
At least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake.
The new measurements will add to the Clinton presidential campaign's embarrassment following news on Tuesday that a large number of her Facebook fans may represent 'likes' that were purchased rather than earned.
The White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved.
Kate Brower became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.
She set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the American version of Upstairs, Downstairs.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16.
But Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback.
Hawkins will play either Mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second round.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.
David de Gea, Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal all started.
Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Sam Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.
Burgess began his union career in the centre but is set to finish the season as a back rower.
The former rugby superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations.
Marquis de Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780.
He told George Washington, commander of the American insurgents, that France was sending a strong military force to help them.
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday.
French President Francois Hollande paid a brief visit to the warship.
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment.
He said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' of the government.
Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency.
Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital, East Grinstead, gives his verdict on the new generation of suncreams.
Some claim they protect against infra-red A rays, while others say they protect the skin from the inside.
Here, Dr Bav offers his verdict.
Oratory School in London cleared of discriminating against poor and non-Catholic children.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the school for engaging in'social selection'
It said it had broken the rules in 105 different ways.
The state-funded school in Fulham, West London, was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year.
Barcelona forward Pedro could join Liverpool this summer.
The 27-year-old would command £90,000-a-week wages at the Nou Camp.
Liverpool are understood to be interested in the Spain international.
Click here for more Liverpool news.
Anders Lindegaard tied the knot with Misse Beqiri last year.
The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012.
Lindegaard has struggled for minutes throughout his career at Manchester United.
Researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too, which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke.
The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them.
Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity.
But a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine.
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and Elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy.
The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December.
Many who fell ill in the Disneyland episode were not immunized against measles.
Author Sarah Wilson has hit out at a woman's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder.
Wilson complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article.
The journalist and lifestyle guru's image was used to illustrate a story on orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’
Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans.
Dele Alli was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham for £5million in January.
Alli has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for MK Dons.
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction.
The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs.
But despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit.
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
Renee Somerfield, 24, is starring in a controversial new weight loss advert.
The yellow Protein World ad features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?'
The sight of the 24-year-old's curves has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners.
Online fitness store Protein World, who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped, have been actively engaging in the furore on social media.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital.
He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children.
Brady complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking hip and arm.
It comes four months after Brady wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The 25-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Zinedine Zidane insists Bale will not join the Red Devils this summer.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told GMA on Monday that she watched her ex-husband, Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children.
'He opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret. He had to be a woman,' she said.
Bruce, who has a son Burt, 36 and a daughter Cassandra, 34, revealed he identified as a woman during a prime time interview with Diane Sawyer on Friday night.
The 65-year-old told Sawyer that 'for all intents and purposes I
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday.
LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series.
Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener.
Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92 on Sunday evening.
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school.
The pledge is contained in a ‘home-school agreement’ which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September.
Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school.
Katie still checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out.
It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym.
Kieran famously cheated on Katie with two of her best friends.
Now relationship expert Tracey Cox has revealed it can be hard for people to move on.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
She is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea deny that the Terry exchange took place, describing it as an 'urban myth'
Graeme Swann has shown his upset at having his F-type Jaguar stolen by asking nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if it is seen.
Lydia Ko shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration.
The 17-year-old equalled former world No 1 Annika Sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record of consecutive rounds under par in 2004.
Defending champion Lexi Thomas could only manage a round of 72 on her opener.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threaten to remove kindergartner Logan from class.
The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained.
Lake County school district told the station they would not suspend Logan.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand.
But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed.
Council has now apologised and said it 'never intended to be racist'
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par.
McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
The former US Open champion said he would never consider not playing the Masters.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts.
The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September.
Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon visited New York in 2001.
They spent four nights in the city, which is not as vast and sprawling as Gatwick or Heathrow.
Sylvain worked out in the gym while Samia shopped at famed stores such as Tiffany and Co.
'Altamura Man' was found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy.
DNA analysis of the bones revealed they belong to a Neanderthal.
He is thought to have starved to death and died in the narrow space.
Over thousands of years, the bones decayed and became incorporated into stalactites.
New research suggests Neanderthals may have used wild herbs to flavour their food.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his divorce.
The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
It is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher believes Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy.
Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Coutinho scored Liverpool's only goal against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Lionel Messi scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Valencia at the Nou Camp.
The Argentine has now scored 400 goals for Barcelona in just 471 games.
Luis Suarez scored with practically his first, putting Barcelona 1-0 up.
Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty as Valencia dominated the first half.
Barcelona move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga later on Saturday.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, believes his Droops coffee maker could be the solution.
It involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever.
He came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents.
This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year.
Survey also showed that the proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled over the past year.
The group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com.
The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors.
No one appeared to directly take responsibility for the posts.
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery.
The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring in the 73rd minute for Barcelona.
Gerard Pique made a game-saving tackle on Celta Vigo striker Charles.
Lionel Messi and Neymar scored in the second half.
Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods endured rainy spells during their practice on Tuesday.
Forecasts that the wet weather is set to continue once the tournament gets underway on Thursday April 9.
The typically warm and humid Georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into Augusta.
A cold front coming over Georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather and strong winds.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred.
The parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons.
Barner said she trusted the artists, but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later.
A family on New York's Long Island tried to keep a snowman alive for as long as possible, but the Frosty melted this weekend.
Mike Fregoe and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall.
The snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai says she has used Chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant.
Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
The herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet.
Dr Zhai said: 'I have brought more than one thousand babies into the world'
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself on a mountain in Chiisagata District.
The man, in a bright purple jacket, is using a selfie stick to film himself.
But as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift.
And the final indignity sees the boarder fall to the ground while still filming.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and don't need to know.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives.
Party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on teenager in VIP area at Equinox.
He punched her so hard in face she was knocked unconscious and threatened to kill her.
Two months later, he raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich, south east London.
Both rapes were reported to police at the time but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks.
Khoorban was jailed at Snaresbrooke Crown Court for 16 years.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
The girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xionge, whom she was dating, because of their age differences.
Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car.
Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint.
An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.
The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces.
Bruce Jenner's second wife Linda Thompson tweeted a message of support for the Olympian ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night.
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete, one of him celebrating his victory at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 and one of his sporting image on a billboard.
She compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete
Leah O'Brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance.
Her 8-year-old daughter, Kori, was in the vehicle at the time and suffered serious injuries.
Ramiro Pedemonte, 19, was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor vehicle.
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia.
Louis van Gaal and United are about to sign off a visit to America.
The trip will last in the region of 12 days and will be over by August 1.
United have agreed once again to rake part in the International Champions Cup that they won last summer by beating Liverpool in a final in Miami.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm.
England captain will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer.
Cook made 79 in his last Test innings, part of a wide-margin and third successive victory at home to India last summer.
Ed Miliband says David Cameron is trying to be Prime Minister without taking the job interview.
The Prime Minister will be absent when Mr Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown.
Mr Miliband accused the PM of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government.
Tonight's 'Challengers' Debate' will feature Mr Miliband, Nigel Farage, Natalie Bennett of the Greens, SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, Hampshire, sparked a police manhunt.
He went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.
While on run, he posted photographs of himself in a wig and glasses.
They showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police.
Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months.
But he went on run again in December last year upon his release.
Now facing four months in jail for breaching restraining order and assaulting prison guards.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.
She chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before.
But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
Rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms.
They were blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue.
A year later she was dealt another blow when medics found another blockage.
Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney.
The Johanna Johnson show brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex, Lia Palmquist.
He accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan.
Palmquist denied that she did anything sexual with them.
Sellers said: 'She gave Wu some tang'
More than two dozen babies recently born to surrogate mothers for gay Israeli couples being airlifted out of Nepal to safety.
The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'
The offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012.
The messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured.
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW.
A young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace.
Tatyana Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011.
Ennis-Hill beat Ennis by 129 points in the heptathlon in Daegu, South Korea in 2011.
Dame Barbara Hakin accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.
She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
But it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety.
The GMC is concerned that there'may have been a material flaw' in the previous decision, which could lead to the case being reopened.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne.
DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
The main role of the employees involved in the parnk is to ensure passport applicants meet the requirements in a process known as 'ELLO'
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn.
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he is lucky to be alive.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across.
The Filipino is the underdog going into the richest fight of his career.
Click here for more boxing news.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina.
Oscar was left with a possible concussion and replaced at half time.
Cesc Fabregas was booked after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, one.
Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12.
The condition causes premature ageing so despite the fact the girls are seven years apart, they look like they are a similar age.
Mrs Barden shaved her head in 2013 to raise money for a charity.
She describes the moment she was told her children had the disease as 'devastating'
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening.
People sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed.
An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman, 23.
Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly.
She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £50 compensation.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people.
He said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls.
Mr Light's company has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near miss.
100mph collision between steam excursion and First Great Western high speed train missed by barely a minute.
Network Rail ban means chartered services cannot run until May 15.
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers.
But a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water.
Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler.
Before long the shark had seen enough and turned back out to sea.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung.
It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay.
The clawed creature can be seen aggressively biting through the cage.
Video has sparked heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast.
Some users claim it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
The robotic vehicle carried a scientific payload capable of measuring ocean conditions under the ice.
Icefin is planned to make its Arctic debut in summer 2016, with a return to Antarctica that fall.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
The two sides have not met since last season's final in Lisbon.
Real have lost four of their last seven games against their city rivals.
Atletico's third win against Real this season arrived in January.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday.
During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom, the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.
His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
The Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday.
It wasn't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane.
The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured.
Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months behind bars for drink driving.
The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he drove two passengers home to the Gold Coast from Splendour in the Grass music festival.
Tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered.
He borrowed his father's car for a booze-fuelled rise across northern NSW and then back over the border where he was booked by Queensland police just weeks before he allegedly murdered Warriena Wright on a Tinder date.
Judge Martin Blackmore dismissed his appeal for early release.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop.
The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes it is only a matter of time before Yarde is restored to the England fold.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, lung, lungs and bones.
But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy.
Hospital staff were amazed when he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment.
After Harley's story made headlines around the world, staff at children's TV channel Nickelodeon even sent Harley a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes, wearing a red bow tie.
The mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
Rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save 149 dolphins stranded on a beach.
Coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached.
The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, they said.
Dozens of volunteers and local residents turned out to help coastguards with the dolphin rescue operation.
Leicester have won three of their last four Premier League games.
Nigel Pearson's side are seven points off safety at the top of the table.
The Foxes face Burnley on Saturday.
The Barbie doll's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers.
The account's director of design Robert Best and Zlatan Zukanovic travel to each location that Barbie visits, including London, Paris, and New York for Fashion week, California for Coachella, and Miami, Florida for Art Basel.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
He also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Per Mertesacker believes the Gunners have become a stronger unit.
The German believes the squad have it within themselves to sustain a challenge for honours in the coming seasons.
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane appear set to contest PFA Player of the Year award.
Hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form for Chelsea.
Kane is the homespun hero after a fabulous breakthrough season at Tottenham.
Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea are also on the shortlist.
NSW State Emergency Service (SES) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise.
The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday.
Flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby.
They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial.
The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home.
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases.
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Portrait allegedly hangs in home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon.
It depicts her as dominatrix in short red dress, black suspenders on display.
But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by image.
Image is said to grace wall of her suburban Glasgow home.
She was given it as birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell.
He is credited with transforming nationalist leader from surly apparatchik.
Mark Steven West, 32, pleaded guilty to having sex with an 18-year-old student in his office in 2012.
He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny'
The girl admitted as such to police, telling them she encouraged West to have sex.
Despite the light punishment, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated.
Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer.
In that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections.
Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps. She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
Uriel Miranda, 38, and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Authorities say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts.
Six Leeds United players withdrew at short notice from Saturday's match against Charlton.
Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured.
The withdrawals are the latest incident in another turbulent period at Leeds.
Researchers found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in its stomach.
When threatened, the diminutive bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'
This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona.
The research not only reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their rapid-fire capabilities.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion.
He led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy.
George died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
Lib Dem leader said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'
He said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions.
He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn't want to take any'responsibility'
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United.
The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer.
United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.
Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick'
Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with 'disgust'
Michael Duff will take on Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday.
The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions.
Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League.
He is 26 days younger than Everton’s Sylvain Distin.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone.
He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach.
One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child.
Bako pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.
Villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished alongside Kevin Streelman on five under par.
Streelman was saddled with the 'curse' of the par-three champion.
His 11-year-old caddie Ethan Couch has a benign but inoperable brain tumour.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season.
The Spain international has praised Louis van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the first team.
Iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating Chelsea and Manchester United in the 2009 Champions League final.
London-based Trotters have unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection'
It includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers.
There are also pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for Celtic.
The defender is out of contract at the end of the season.
Celtic are battling to keep hold of current pairing Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer.
Denayer will return to parent club Manchester City after making his full international debut for Belgium this week.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday.
When she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Forty-nine precious stones followed.
Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their Challenge Cup final.
The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks.
Men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market.
They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea.
The traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the Guinea Ministry of Environment and the Gendarmerie.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
Visitors to the sprawling home, dubbed Maison du Solei, are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.
There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater, complete with its own popcorn and snack bar.
Arsenal have won 15 of 17 games since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger's side are 11th in the Premier League table.
The Gunners lost 2-0 to Southampton on January 1, 13 points behind Chelsea.
Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he’s still there.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round on Wednesday.
Gary Bowyer has challenged Jordan Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero.
Rovers rejected a £12million bid from Hull City for Rhodes.
Rhodes scored the winner in Wednesday night's sixth-round replay.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday.
Unai Emery has guided the club to fifth in the table.
Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' according to Vicente Iborra.
Rotherham United have been charged with fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in their 1-0 win over Brighton.
Manager Steve Evans added to the confusion by suggesting his player had been recalled by the Rams.
The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 in New York.
Klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis.
Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' record of 25.
Daniela D'Addario, 35, was found dead in the boot of her car on Wednesday.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with her murder after fleeing from police.
She had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' with Josaia 'Joey' Vosikata, 27, for about four months.
The couple were reported missing by her concerned family members in the ACT on Monday.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle.
All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path.
The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill.
Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen during open training at White Hart Lane.
The adage 'Close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards.
Kane's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at cost of £13million in 2014.
4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing £29million, analysis found.
Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks.
Critics say it is 'ludicrous' that such items were being handed out.
Figures came on day Britain was ranked only 27th in world for health and wellness.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks.
She already has 13 children and is due to retire this year.
But she is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers.
They were discovered by a London-based journalist who found hers in Birmingham.
Two male university students, also in London, and two retired men also found theirs.
Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree, Essex.
'John' turned out to be John Jemison, 74, who was well-known to the town.
The pair, who are both grandfathers-of-four now living just 150 yards apart, also
German detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the £60m London case.
They are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene.
Also, whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
There has been speculation that the London robbers – who stole jewels and cash from 72 boxes at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit centre – are from Eastern Europe.
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row.
Daryl Janmaat has compared the match to playing in the World Cup semi-final.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot.
The 19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck.
Her mother, Louise Conant, happened to be watching the incident unfold.
Phillip Dickens, director of furniture supplier Baumhaus Ltd, was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
A woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday.
She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner.
Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Mr Gilbert said while they release venom on its prey, the snakes are not regarded as dangerous to humans.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.
Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs)
When the seasons combine, the activity of the sun can be amplified, producing mega storms that are even more dangerous to Earth than others.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London.
He joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham.
Mr Cameron said he had been 'overcome by something' and had gone 'off script'
He said: 'I don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things'
Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'
The instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, the academics suggest.
It could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening at the Arcadia Palms on East Sahara Avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.
Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.
The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out.
Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental, and no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain.
The full back had a falling out with boss Laurent Blanc after he was dropped.
But the Dutchman insists he's happy at the club and wants to sign a new contract.
An unidentified concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'
The snapshot sparked outrage after it was shared on Twitter on Sunday by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump.
The distasteful choice of words on the concert goer's shirt are thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th-minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty.
Cristiano Ronaldo made up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.
Luka Modric was taken out by a Recio challenge in the second half.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Jose Mourinho's side have partnered with wellness solutions provider Technogym.
Technogym have kitted out Chelsea's Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces.
Real Madrid's international stars were reunited on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to the club's Valdebebas training ground.
He was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale.
Ronaldo scored in Real's 2-1 defeat at the Nou Camp last month.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle.
The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid.
Santi Cazorla and Luciano Vietto have tweeted support for the defender.
Musacchio has been limited to just 12 La Liga starts this season.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community.
It enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
City have won the last four contests between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford.
A defeat to City would push chairman Khaldoon al Mubarak closer to pressing the termination button though.
Louis van Gaal has had his critics this season but Manchester United's performances are proving them wrong.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman.
The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder.
Norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with his sex life.
Mrs Else, 52, said she is too scared to leave her home in Croydon, south London.
She said: 'Every time I walk in the front door I think am I going to get a knife in my back?'
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property.
Investigators searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
The miniature liquor bottle were hidden in one of her closets, prosecutors said.
A Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has now come to the rescue.
The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause.
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid.
He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine.
Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself.
On Sunday, his party made massive electoral gains against the Socialists.
Sarkozy is convinced he can become president again in 2017.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
The 38-year-old jockey was ridden by AP McCoy.
Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket.
Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket.
The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role.
Pietersen has declared himself open to discussions about the new post.
Hilary Wilson had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section and 'died' for 11 minutes.
The 41-year-old woke up four days later with no idea she had been pregnant.
She only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born.
Mrs Wilson has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month.
No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
Six policemen and two civilians died, and several of the tourists were injured.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media.
US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments.
Mr Mull said he now had 'a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation.
Mark Clattenburg will officiate the Manchester derby on Sunday.
City captain Vincent Kompany was sent off during the international break.
Clattenburg has only sent off two players season in the Premier League.
The 40-year-old has courted controversy during his career.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random.
The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks.
Hicks bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana.
He has offered no explanation for why he committed the horrific act.
Health Minister Fiona Nash says the best way to reduce demand for ice is to educate the community, not just police its use.
Chelsea could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2.
Jose Mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the Chelsea board.
The Blues are expected to arrive in Australia as top-flight champions.
Harry Kane's whereabouts in June is undecided, although it appears he will play for England Under 21s.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was killed during a botched sting on April 2.
Bates, a Tulsa County volunteer, shot Harris after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him.
Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after Harris, but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead.
In the video, which was released by the sheriff's office, Bates can be heard shouting 'Taser! Taser!'
When the gunshot goes
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time.
The most difficult problem for women is even if they are dealing with some symptoms, Dr Briden says it can take up to ten years to diagnose properly.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots.
She has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé.
The bite-sized series is aptly titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, New York.
Bath beat London Irish 26-13 at the Rec on Saturday.
Sam Burgess scored five tries for Mike Ford's side.
Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni also scored.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in a first-round technical knockout.
Mendes retains his No 1 featherweight ranking after the win.
Jorge Masvidal and Al Iaquinta fought in the co-main event.
Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon.
Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series, which has seen many of the female characters take leading roles.
Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes the show has great female characters.
She said: 'You start to see all of the women in the show accepting who they are and embodying that with such power that it's palpable'
Despite the massive death count, Kit Harington who plays Jon Snow has survived into series five.
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday.
Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday.
Mancini was furious with his side's attitude after the Saturday's draw.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket.
Stewart has not yet been approached by the ECB.
The 34-year-old was a wicketkeeper-batsman for England.
He led England in 15 Tests and scored nearly 8,500 runs.
The swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror.
Footage shows the girl's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature.
Seconds later, she shouts out 'Oh my God, get me out of here', only for friends on a nearby boat to reply: 'It's behind you'
Aluel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday.
She greeted her distraught mother, Akon Goode, with a 'big hug'
Her five-year-old daughter believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days.
Mr Manyang defended the children's mother earlier on Thursday saying he didn't believe she caused
Harry Davies-Carr and brother Charlie starred in viral video 'Charlie Bit Me'
The video was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather.
It quickly went viral, becoming an early online hit.
Charlie said he finds watching the video funny, saying: 'It makes me laugh'
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
Mrs Sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer.
She said she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013.
Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery.
But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes.
Four days later, she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant.
There, he revealed there had been a mix-up with her notes and those of two other patients.
Ms Dawes was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants.
She was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
The Royal Wolverham
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour.
The former world No 3 has struggled to play the 13 events required for membership.
Casey last played in the Ryder Cup competition in the 2008 defeat by USA.
European captain Darren Clarke wants Casey on his team.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters.
He landed on the west lawn of the Capitol on Sunday.
Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14.
There are also 14 England caps and one goal.
Steven Gerrard's first year out of his teens saw him collect the League Cup, the FA Cup and the UEFA Cup.
Steve McManaman ended his first season as a Liverpool regular with a Man-of-the-Match performance in the 1992 FA Cup final win over Sunderland.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies.
So far, it's been translated into 22 different languages.
The arty fad is said to have started in France, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity.
Alan Pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on his former club for goalkeeper Tim Krul.
The Crystal Palace manager insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Pardew says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer.
Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao's Los Angeles training camp.
The UFC women's bantamweight champion said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
Rousey is the only person promised a free ticket to the fight.
Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight against Floyd Mayweather.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California.
He was charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment'
On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'
He describes how his wife, who is eight-months pregnant, was chasing the boy around the store beforehand.
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years.
But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
EU is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints for permission to publish them.
If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues.
This would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance.
Bath face Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night.
Sam Burgess has struggled to make an impact in the midfield.
Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the RBS 6 Nations.
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in February.
The 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Militants fighting for Boko Haram in West Africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.
Released as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country - the Sambisa forest.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid daughter Andrea to rest in 1999.
But she only found out more than a decade later that police had removed vital organs.
Little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler.
He was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years.
Andrea's liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, thymus, stomach, pancreas, trachea and skull fragments had all been retained without Ms French's consent.
She received a further blow this month when police admitted that
Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a collection of royal memorabilia.
She was at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince George.
John Loughery, 60, has been present for every major royal event of the last 10 years.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday, 4pm)
Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature.
Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany doubtful with hamstring injury.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber.
Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees.
The FBI is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations.
It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
With just days to go until Easter, John Lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights.
A 64cm high 'Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack' is now available to buy half price
Andy Murray and his team will take on France in the Davis Cup quarter final.
Queen's Club will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades.
Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.
The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Parma are rooted to the bottom of Serie A.
Kevin Franklin, 58, jailed for four-and-a-half years for fraud and deception.
Victim, 80, was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford milk.
Franklin siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period.
When he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him'
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer.
Mr Hatch's wife Enid discovered Rogers standing over his bloodied body.
Rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Cardiff Crown Court.
He is due to be sentenced later today.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over Turkish-Syrian border last February.
They are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa.
Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade, an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
It is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS.
Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, the group has been accused of d
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000.
It's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
The quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter.
Jonathan Trott has been in fine form for England for four years.
The 33-year-old was picked for this three-Test tour of the Caribbean.
Alastair Cook feels Trott is ready for international cricket return.
Adele Sarno, 85, has lived there for more than 50 years.
She received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month.
Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans.
The fight over her two-bedroom apartment began five years ago.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher has lambasted Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional.
Danny Murphy agreed that Krul's behaviour was out of order.
But it was a wondrous strike, and, derby or not, half time or not.
It is a game that has no room either for an acknowledgment of a great piece of technique or for a simple, impulsive act of sportsmanship.
Bruce Jenner, 65, won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976.
Since then, he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple.
His appearance has been documented as part of his reality series Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change.
Anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Already established licensed agents were exempt.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses.
Male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her, she alleges.
She was'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments.
So in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers 'without their knowledge'
She is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket.
Trott fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua.
Steve Peters will play a key role in keeping troubled batsman focused.
Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove wants to see an Ashes Test match.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
His photographs show the pretty insects’ scale-covered wings.
Butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers, which gives them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera - meaning scaled wings.
Number of people in work soared to its highest level in history.
Tories’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement.
International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February.
Nathan Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on March 27.
The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches.
Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded.
But in a stunning twist – and in light of fierce criticism – the ban was thrown out, as the appeal lodged by Wasps was up-held.
The 28-year-old actress recently appeared in a West End play and admitted she felt like the UK press treated her with respect.
Lindsay, who found fame in The Parent Trap when she was just 11 years old, added that she is'much happier' in the city and is keen to build on that feeling of contentment.
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan.
One takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground.
They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy.
Police have found no evidence of the attack during their investigation.
New ICM poll for the Guardian had the Tories ahead on 34 per cent.
Labour were down one point on 32 per cent in a new Populus poll.
Nate Silver predicted a hung parliament after May 7 with the Tories winning 283 seats.
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage while on loan at Halifax.
The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Giants managing director Richard Thewlis said it was 'another bad blow'
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK.
Lorraine Kelly has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week.
The 55-year-old has dropped two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10.
Zumba is a fitness programme that combines Latin and international music.
Kelly also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss.
Tony Toutouni, 42, is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend Dan Bilzerian.
The billionaire businessman chronicles his extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site.
His outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate.
Viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood went head-to-head.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice to fill the left side of defence.
The 19-year-old Spaniard is also wanted by Chelsea and Manchester City.
Gaya is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches.
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Porto team bus was met with a cacophony of fans chanting about their club.
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui was hugged by fans congratulating him on their Champions League run.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid’s dramatic Champions League win over Atletico Madrid.
The centre-back was moved forward into midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric.
Ramos often fools around in goal at Spain training.
He started his Real Madrid career as a right back and won the European Championship there for his country.
Barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season.
John Stones was on Barcelona's shopping list of central defenders.
The Everton defender moved up the list of possible targets.
Stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at Everton until 2019.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
Most worldwide Google searches are about HIV/AIDs closely followed by herpes.
In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country.
But in the US herpes was the most searched for term across the country, with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen.
The citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Mr Abbott's announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted criticism from within Mr Abbott's own backbenchers as well as the Opposition.
He said there would be 'considerable more consultation around these awards' in the future.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future.
Tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career.
The 31-year-old's future was thrown into doubt when Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home'
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting.
He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds in Shirokine, East Ukraine.
The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight.
Fighting in the east had largely subsided following a cease-fire deal.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May.
He is expected to fly out to Morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family.
It is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside Marrakech.
Amanjena translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings.
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in Mosul.
It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.
The images were posted on social media, including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum, under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday.
The 25-year-old is the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992.
Fran Kirby scored twice as England Women beat China 2-1 in Manchester.
Kirby created the first goal and scored the second in the second.
The 21-year-old was player of the match when England played the United States in February.
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners.
It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard.
According to YouTube's updated Partner Program Terms, YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'
Dermatillomania - compulsive skin picking - is an impulse control disorder characterized by the uncontrollable desire to pick at one's skin.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a new swimwear line.
The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material.
Inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored for Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification.
The Reds moved within four points of the Premier League top four.
Manchester City are now looking vulnerable in fourth.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948.
But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson.
He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off.
Mr Stevenson said she can come back as long as she says sorry - but the 81-year-old has denied hitting him.
Danielle Busby gave birth to the nation's first set of all-girl quintuplets on April 7.
The five girls are still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
They are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months last week.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months.
She substituted pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables.
For every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes.
Now, she weighs 10 stone, is a size 8/10 and is working on toning.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket.
They found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag.
While the body of the loving father was accidentally incinerated.
The 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $4,655 to be buried.
Mr Moon was chronically ill in his final years and had arranged for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China.
It was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
Traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle.
21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was leaving Brisbane's City Watch House on Saturday.
The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a bottle.
She was charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
Police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday.
Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
June Whitfield, 89, is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week.
Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon.
Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace during her stint.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday.
Aston Villa boss has got to keep his emotions in check.
Sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season.
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show.
The admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from Finding Your Roots.
He said: 'Lots of people have been asking who the guy was. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back'
Second-placed Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season.
MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol.
He was staying with friends but failed to resurface and was dragged out of the water.
Police said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
They will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or digestion problems which meant he couldn't swim.
The group had been on a night out in Marbella after jetting to Spain on Saturday.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk.
The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan last month after his owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear.
When Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back.
She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns.
Ms Edwards, 64, is now calling on all vets to ensure they heat up the pads correctly and monitor them adequately
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing City, claims Gary Neville.
Neville says City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'
Graeme Souness says Toure has become a liability for City.
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show.
The newlyweds were brought closer together by process.
And the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together.
Jaclyn previously noted that she hadn't had sex in two years and she hoped it was like 'riding a bike'
Fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and over the arms.
They tie them at the back so every time they lift their arms, their curves become more prominent.
The idea was inspired by a popular 'anime' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters.
They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
 Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
Some have said it could be possible to place floating space colonies on Venus.
Nasa is in the process of designing its unmanned Europa Clipper spacecraft, which would arrive at the moon of Jupiter in 2020.
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project.
Bettman would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
Although it looks like a dining room, the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where the couple had their first date.
Lincolnshire resort joins St Ives and Windermere in top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year.
Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together.
It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder.
Mr Hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.
The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online.
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in Peru.
They were wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig.
It is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as Chan Chan.
The remains were taken to the regional Directorate of Culture for examination.
Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed a 20th successive victory over Salford.
The 37-year-old Rhinos prop went over twice in the first half.
Salford's last home win against the Rhinos was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies.
They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure.
It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds.
The 30-year-old took the money for herself at the Premier Inn in Newcastle.
Goodall admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014.
She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights.
The Dublin-based airline has made the decision out of safety concerns.
Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight.
Ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision.
Deputy Prime Minister was out campaigning in Surbiton, south-west London.
He was met by protesters who chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free'
Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message.
Comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by Tories.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders in 2002.
His mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost 'for raising him for the last 18 years' after he was drafted into the professional league.
Buchanon said he followed the 'unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house.
But he soon realized that gift would come with its own problems.
Instead of selling her old house, like he advised, Buchanon's mother rented it to his aunt.
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union.
Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition.
Mr Ritchie felt that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability.
The student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Reddit thread asks users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses.
One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines.
The fee to find a bride this way, according to this user, costs between $10,000 and $15,000 (£9,800)
Several men, who had presumably since split with their mail-order brides, noted that the sexual chemistry was lacking.
Dina Amos-Larkin, 21, fell 50ft from hotel balcony in Salou, Spain.
Law student was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and told of injuries.
She was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago.
GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 for her home.
Her mother Audrey, 48, and father Stephen, 49, said their 'hearts are broken'
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama.
The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year.
It will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
Immigration Department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama.
Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over her decision.
She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia.
In her first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
Victims and leading politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling.
A 42-year-old man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station.
The man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car.
He then recklessly drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday.
Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Investigators said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison.
The Unique Connection was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother's Day.
It was designed to understand the special bond between mother and child.
The video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times.
Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has enjoyed meteoric success.
Her blog and video posts amassed a huge teen following on social media.
Jamie Oliver's company has warned that young stars should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts.
It comes after an investigation found that video blogs popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
Vigilante group Wicked Pickets have taken to the streets of Brisbane.
They spray-painted over offensive slogans on the side of campervans.
The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once'
Wicked Camper's CEO John Webb invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
The company came under fire last year after over 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast.
Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion.
Suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.
In August utility workers discovered that the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped, it has emerged.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He captioned it: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan.
Police investigated the incident after receiving complaints from web users.
Amir Khan has been showing off his lightning quick technique.
The Bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball.
Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts.
She posted it to her social media account writing: 'So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. I kid thee not'
In the note the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW.
Vincent Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions.
The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday.
On Saturday, the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley, a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be.
Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time.
City's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks.
Pearce believes City should stick with the 61-year-old.
First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award.
Fans vote for the league's most outstanding players each month.
One player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade.
At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly.
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet on Wednesday.
The WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team.
Muhammad Ali wants Manny Pacquiao to beat Mayweather when they clash on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west.
He had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness.
The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year.
NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola.
No further testing for the virus is required at this stage.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million.
The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California and Arizona.
Comes after the company collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire.
But fine weather by much of country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend.
Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday.
Forecasters warn Britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet'
The High There! app is described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts.
Users share their interests and energy levels when using cannabis as part of their profile.
The app was only available in the US two months ago and is now available globally.
It deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana in their picture section.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users.
Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.
It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan.
The app is available for free to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
Once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions, which doubles up as a consent form, they are presented with health surveys they complete each day.
Sending a spit sample is voluntary, and users only become eligible once they've completed 15
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children.
They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13.
On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases.
Their federal trial has been reset for July 6 on charges they coerced
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife Amanda, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife.
He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and hired a private detective to watch her.
O'Ridiculed his wife was having an affair with married postman Nick Gunn.
The couple had been married for ten years and had attended Queen's garden party in 2013.
But as he became older his wife essentially became his 'carer'
Harry Kane scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
The 21-year-old also scored on his senior England debut.
Kane has also been shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award.
He scored a match-winning brace in Tottenham's 2-1 win over Arsenal.
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by Manchester City.
United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals.
The champions defeat by Crystal Palace was Manchester City's third loss in five games.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to gross more than $300million.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off.
Redknapp attempts to goad Henry into a reaction in the early stages.
But both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them.
McDonald's says it's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize.
The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
Change comes as McDonald's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like Chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love injured his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics.
Love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
Boston coach Brad Stevens didn't think Olynyk hurt Love on purpose.
The Cavaliers would be off until at least Saturday before opening the Eastern Conference semifinals against either Chicago or Milwaukee.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?'
The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Britons selling their properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled.
Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations.
Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
Meekings saw his cup-final ban thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal.
Caley Thistle challenged his one-game suspension for deliberate handball.
The Highland club's lawyers successfully argued that SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan had no right to bring the case because match officials had seen the incident.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club.
Footage shows prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs.
Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been 'outrageous'
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface.
The app allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone.
Benn is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
Alex Salmond caught boasting in secret footage at fundraising event.
Former first minister mocked Labour after it slapped down Scottish leader.
He boasted that he would write Labour's budget north of the border.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson have warned of a 'constitutional crisis'
They questioned the legitimacy of the SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street.
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could.
Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time.
James scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the Cavs.
Cleveland Cavaliers have secured the Central Division title and will be No 2 seed in the Eastern Conference.
All Nippon Airways set to unveil latest livery in honour of Star Wars films.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2.
The small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO.
Comes as fans got first look at new teaser trailer for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
Brazil's World Cup stadium in Natal is up for sale.
Grupo OAS is suffering from cash flow problems following a corruption scandal.
The company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League.
Burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Dyche was told by another manager to 'get with the times' and that his team was too naive.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said he is putting people's health at risk.
Evans has also been slammed for endorsing the Paleo diet.
The My Kitchen Rules judge says his role as a father is to strive for optimum health for his children.
Big Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
He dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season.
The farm hopes to keep Ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock.
Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury.
Arsenal forward picked up a knee injury while on international duty.
Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury.
Dangelo Connor, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around.
He first electrocuted a Coke can, then sent volts coursing through a can.
But his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet.
Proving that the weapon lives up to its reputation, he is instantly laid out on the floor.
Since Dangelo posted the footage on his Facebook page the video has gone viral.
Johnny Sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro.
The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
Sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby.
The five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years.
It has two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room.
There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
The property offers triple aspect views with private gardens at the front and rear of the building.
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Discovery comes as scientists in the US made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer.
A protein has been identified which seems to play a crucial role in the rapid growth of tumours.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End.
They steal their cash and belongings, according to plain-clothes officers.
In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas.
A bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery.
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.
Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month.
Each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month.
Chris Roberts of One World Labs was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York, on Wednesday night.
The FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives.
Roberts was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
Experts worry planes' flight and entertainment systems could be compromised by terrorist hacking.
Ride Like The Wind won just one of his four starts last season.
But he has run twice this term, posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the Group Three Prix Djebel by a head.
French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hopes to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013.
Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons.
The 35-year-old is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday.
If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss, by 24 hours.
Hole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at around 2pm on Thursday.
It was around eight foot wide and 2.4 metres wide and almost swallowed a car.
Police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole.
Residents were left without water following damage to a water main.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club.
Atletico have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have Fabio Coentrao, Marcelo and Toni Kroos in the same position.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources.
Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen.
Ukip will today unveil its manifesto in Thurrock, Essex.
Hannah Overton, 37, has already spent seven years in prison for the murder of her four-year-old adopted son, Andrew Burd.
Her conviction was overturned last year because of ineffective counsel, but Nueces County district attorney Mark Skurka was set to try her again.
Skura said that he would not be trying the case again due to 'a myriad of factors which came about after a careful review of the previous trial'
Overton's five children and husband Larry were there to celebrate the news.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency.
The only food it imports is milk.
Exotic fruit like mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up are the stars of the summer.
Abby Bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala when she was just 24.
The basketballer, who lives in Canberra, has looked after her niece since she was two days old.
Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams.
Bishop will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January.
A neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl and left her with deep gashes of up to 10cm.
Her mother Monique Douglas has told of her heartache each time she looks at her daughter's disfigured face.
The dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court.
Mrs Douglas says her daughter requires day and night masks as well as silicon patches to help heal the permanent scarring.
Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action last year.
An investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel.
She was flanked by her parents, Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck, New Jersey, plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts - as she relived her ordeal.
It was caught on CCTV cameras at The Mirage hotel casino on Las Vegas's strip.
Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, took to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Weighed down by eyelashes, Olivia wore the spray-on leather skirt suit.
Navigating the supermarket aisles, she admits she felt like a saucy Stepford Wife.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, has been named China's richest woman.
She was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China.
Her company Lens Technology supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
The company went public on March 18 and she became the richest woman in China officially on March 30.
Research on infants' brains by doctors from Oxford University has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.
It overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold.
New findings suggest that infants’ brains react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Andres Iniesta started on the bench and was booed by home fans.
Guus Hiddink branded the home fans a 'disgrace' for booing Iniesta.
Hiddink has endured a tough start to his second stint as national coach.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
Wesley has admitted to breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
The stepfather has a lengthy felony criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges.
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for Meredith's murder.
They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US.
Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli face Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final.
Fiorentina face holders Sevilla in the other tie.
The semi-finals will take place on May 7 and 14.
German Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff took heart-breaking image in November.
He did not realise how terrified the girl was until he was editing the photographs.
She was so scared of his camera that'she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon'
It follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who surrendered to a camera in a Syrian camp last year.
Kristina Karo, 31, is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 for allegedly stealing her chicken.
Kunis and Ashton Kutcher responded with a tongue-in-cheek video.
Karo claims she was forced to watch Kunis's music video 25 years ago.
Judy Murray revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children.
The 55-year-old tennis coach married Kim Sears this weekend.
Andy and Kim married at a service in Dunblane Cathedral.
Judy attended the reception at Cromlix House, Murray's luxury hotel.
Noelle Reno broke her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death.
She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell.
He fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in London’s Marylebone.
Inquest into his death was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set.
Reno, 31, was a regular on reality TV show Ladies Of London.
Tim McNaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself.
The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide.
It's revealed a third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him.
Tim’s Facebook page tells a story of a young man fascinated by guns and with a passion for motorbikes.
In June last year, he suffered serious head injuries during a motorbike race in Alice Springs which left him in an induced coma
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November.
His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
The two students want to return to the college.
A family in Texas came home to find their home infested with birds.
According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney.
The video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats.
However, he now believes them to be sparrows.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building.
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had disappeared.
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage.
They're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout is being billed as The Fight of the Century.
Joe Calzaghe says Mayweather will still be victorious.
Mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles.
It boasts tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria.
The restaurant has held two Michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield.
The 22-year-old has been on loan at the Amex Stadium since August.
Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow'
Click here for more Liverpool news.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed.
86 per cent go online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store.
Three-quarters of Australians will spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening.
Anika Stanford is helping detectives investigate the death of Stephanie Scott.
She is the mother of Vincent Stanford, 24, who has been charged with her son's murder.
Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park.
The family have lived in Leeton for just 14 months, and previously lived in the Netherlands.
A memorial service for Ms Scott, 26, took place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday.
Her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley sat between Ms Scott's parents Robert and Merri
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later.
They were led into Dartmouth Provincial court on Friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies.
The men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
If found guilty, the men could face 14 years in jail.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List.
Formula One world champion Hamilton remains on pole position.
But his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.
Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £72m.
Jenson Button is just £1m behind Rooney with a fortune of £71m.
President Barack Obama will be sending an administration official to Armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But the White House still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Kim Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
She last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni Kardashian.
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado.
In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk'
At one point, the woman told the dispatcher 'I went to get some dinner...and someone came up to me and he had a gun'
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half.
The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital.
He was given oxygen and put in a neck brace and given oxygen.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Manchester derby.
First Minister said she would regard 'out' vote in Tories' proposed poll on EU membership.
She also revealed she intends to be in London on May 8 to personally lead SNP's negotiating team in event of another hung Parliament.
Miss Sturgeon's manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the Tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson.
One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped.
Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing.
Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
Zimbabwe could tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals.
Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan hopes for a series.
No test playing nation has toured Pakistan due to security concerns.
Gunmen attacked the Sri Lanka team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
He is seen desperately pedaling his back legs through the air with the rest of his body trapped.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday.
About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle.
Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is also investigating the video.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day.
It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
Alex ended his story by saying that he finally started his life at 25-years-old.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park.
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the match to give his side the win.
Pep Guardiola's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Burger King has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie.
Pret A Manger has started serving sit-down dinners with wine.
British sandwich chain's new concept is called 'Good Evenings' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only at its branch on The Strand in London.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed for two years.
He punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain.
Hutchinson had borrowed £300 from the victim, down to £60 by the time of the assault.
The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to'sort it out'
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date.
The decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything personal, principal Patrick Taylor told Love.
Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, and 36 others given life sentences as Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants ordered to be executed.
The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp in July 2013.
Soltan has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has lost roughly 100 pounds.
His father Salah Soltan was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group.
Crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon, as mark of gay community.
But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's.
Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek further medical advice from experts.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year.
The unknown men are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads.
They have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police.
However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves.
Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson.
The Whole Pantry founder was presented with its Fun Fearless Female Award in Sydney last year.
McGahon says the award won't be taken off Ms Gibson, despite her admission of lying about her cancers.
'She was reader nominated and reader-voted,' McCahon said on the Dan and Maz 2DayFM breakfast show this week following Belle Gibson's Australian Women's Weekly interview in which she admitted she had lied.
Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat.
She supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene.
Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions.
Elisa emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow on Sunday.
He said they seemed to be dead, but when he put them in his hand they were alive.
There have been reports of worm rainfall in southern Norway.
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004.
Woods played with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side and his children caddying.
He said: 'Have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. No matter what'
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout.
They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each.
The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious.
Couple laid dead for 16 days before their son raised the alarm on December 11.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses.
Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.
They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear.
It is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years.
Her collection now fills four whole rooms, including one dedicated to Princess Diana.
Mrs Tyler says she has no plans to stop and describes it as 'a labour of love'
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by Southwest staff.
But they allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off all other passengers.
Wife Kelly, a Southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit.
Southwest said staff are trained to treat such behavior as a security risk.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders'
He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
He was prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
Mr Farage said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has been charged with ten counts of sex offences.
The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March.
He was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
Education Queensland suspended O' Connor from his job after he advised the department he'd been charged.
Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control at the Volkswagen Arena.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
Now, one scientist says this may not be true.
His new paper presents explicit calculations demonstrating how information is preserved.
This is an important discovery because even physicists who believed information remains in black holes have struggled to show, mathematically, how this happens.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the ground in Sao Paulo.
The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over alleged attack on neighbour.
Police claim she was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell.
Pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home.
His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
The infant died later that day after suffering'several injuries'
Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms.
The 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years.
He is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he climbs.
Mr Lines said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia.
Despite government efforts to stop it, the dangerous practice lingers on.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde.
They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours.
Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning.
He said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time.
But a series of delays meant 403 passengers did not get away on flight.
Passengers took to the airport floor to rest after 33-hour delay.
Some are considering legal action against Virgin Atlantic.
Five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms for the first time.
They include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat.
By 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
Hayfever is an allergic reaction to pollen and spores.
It happens when the immune system mistakes these harmless airborne particles to be a danger and launches a defence against them.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback.
British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights.
Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury.
The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title.
The van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta.
It went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday.
Authorities have confirmed three deaths, according to Georgia State Patrol Captain Mark Perry.
Members of Khaotika and Wormreich were in the van.
Eight others were injured, the Georgia Department of Public Safety said in a statement late Monday morning.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to request it 'urgently review' plans to increase fares on trains running through his Witney constituency.
Passengers travelling from Charlbury can currently purchase an off-peak return to London costing £33.30.
From May 17, these customers will be forced to pay £62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains - an 87% increase.
The planned changes have angered Mr Cameron's constituents - prompting him to personally intervene.
Alex Mowatt has impressed in the Championship this season.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs.
Hull manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station.
Passenger hopped out of vehicle in rush, forgetting rucksack.
He had been carrying hefty sum of money after cashing cheque from inheritance.
Mr Quinn, 46, realised he had left the bag in the car just seconds later.
'If I'd lost that bag it would have been the end of my business,' he said.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head.
Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick goal.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, has had 13 operations to fix the damage.
She was left with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant'
She has now had a 13th operation on her breasts as part of TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Clermont beat Northampton 24-17 at Stade Marcel Michelin.
Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time.
Nick Abendanon scored a break-away try from 90 metres out.
Brock James kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United's injury crisis does not weaken their team.
Louis van Gaal is without a number of key players ahead of the tough trip to Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho was part of Van Gaal's coaching staff during his time at Barcelona in the late nineties.
England face West Indies in the first Test on Monday.
Alastair Cook and Peter Moores know they can't afford any slip-ups.
James Anderson will make his 100th Test appearance.
Jonathan Trott has returned to the Test side.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and children Zoha, seven, and Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry.
They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed.
Detectives have released CCTV footage of the family at a busy ferry port as they apparently head to Syria.
Labour's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts.
Labour’s biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked.
Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of Chancey Luna.
The 17-year-old faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without release.
Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Authorities allege Luna randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film.
It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants.
Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
He also said he had never told anyone he was involved with the Nusra Front and had never worked or volunteered at a Sharia court.
Ross Barkley has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Gareth Barry has advised the 21-year-old not to leave Goodison too soon.
Barry spent four seasons at City before being found surplus to requirements.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.
Johnson was black and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize.
White America searched for a 'Great White Hope' who could unseat him.
But it would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover.
An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area.
The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene.
Police have said that Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound at 6am.
Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 in Super League.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try.
Both sides ended the match with 12 men.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night.
Paco Alcacer and Lucas Orban scored for the home side.
Valencia are fourth on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid on 66.
Hector Bellerin scored Arsenal's first goal against Liverpool.
Francis Coquelin has played a vital role in Arsenal's late push for the title.
Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect the duo to be playing such key roles.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager.
Rooney was heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge at the same time.
Moyes gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton.
The England striker has been a vital cog in Louis van Gaal's side.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore seas for oil ‘illegitimate’
But it says it will mount a legal challenge – but has ruled out another conflict.
Daniel Filmus said Britain’s decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was ‘gunboat diplomacy’
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to League One.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted, but wants to finish on top.
The Dutchman said: 'We want to be No 1. I want the second target'
Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012 and held for five days.
He was convinced by his captors that he had been taken by government forces.
But NBC has now changed its account of the 2012 kidnapping of Mr Engel.
It said it is likely the men that took him were Sunni rebels instead.
The group that kidnapped Mr Engel was a criminal gang with shifting allegiances.
NBC said it was clear that the group were released for propaganda purposes.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria.
The 22-year-old converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school.
She says her son's interest in Islam took a turn in 2011 when he started growing his beard out and distancing himself from the family.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday.
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night.
The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
Truong's sister Alyssa Chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Miliband is'so desperate' for power.
Claims he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP.
Comes as Tories pledge to build £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines.
Miliband insists he has 'got use to' Conservative attacks.
Jerry Grayson travelled 23,000 miles to find every helicopter he ever flew.
The 59-year-old was responsible for rescuing 15 yachtsmen during 1979 Fastnet Yacht Race.
He found that one of the choppers had been turned into a 'glamping' unit.
Mr Grayson, who now designs aerial stunts for films, is writing a book about his experiences.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's semi-final against Germany.
The world No 2 is also a doubt for the WTA Stuttgart Open.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA team for the World Group play-off against Italy.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho won Premier League in 2006 and 2007.
Carlo Ancelotti failed to win a trophy in his second season at Chelsea.
Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.
The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season.
Manchester City face United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram.
She protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
The cream is packed with gemstones, peculiar sounding 'photonic spheres' and smart seaweeds.
Other beauty essentials include a hairbrush from her own range, Kardashian Beauty.
Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Rafa Benitez admitted he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before joining Wolfsburg.
The Napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo.
Benitez won the Europa League as Blues boss in 2013.
Napoli travel to Wolfsburg for the first leg of the quarter-final.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake.
The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit U.S. television show Jackass.
Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from his grandfather, a Spitfire pilot in the Battle of Britain.
He was thrown out of the family home in late 2013 after he spiralled into an alcohol
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night.
It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey, North Yorkshire.
A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
She said: 'I could hear crying in a van, it was such a drama'
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Celtic beat Inverness Caley Thistle 2-1 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the final.
Sutton says Alan Muir should be kept away from high-profile games.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found.
It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London.
During that near-identical raid 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running a dodgy dental practice in west Orange County, Florida.
She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday.
He and a friend were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side.
For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
The argument escalated and Kelly was attacked and died at the scene.
Dion Dublin made his Home Under The Hammer debut on Monday morning.
The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series.
Dublin was full of ideas when it came to how the property should be renovated.
Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram shot.
The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event.
Broner called out Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson for a September fight.
50 Cent said Broner was disrespectful of Jay Z and should have accepted the offer.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child.
She is 4'10 tall and is constantly re-teaching herself to walk because of the stiff muscles and arthritis, which are side effects of her dwarfism.
The couple are expecting their second child in September.
Jesse Willesee was arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday.
His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images on social media.
Jesse lit up a joint as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on April 20 at 4.20pm.
The passionate advocate started smoking pot at 23 years old to help cope with his attention deficient disorder.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar, on Friday when she was distracted.
The stroller tragically rolled away from her and rolled into the canal.
Keslar desperately tried to rescue her sons but police said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult.
They were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
A Go Fund Me page has been set up for the parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar.
Audrie Pott, 15, killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party.
Two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act'
They also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around Saratoga High School in Northern California that'served to shame and humiliate her'
Audrie's parents filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions.
Fiona Steane, 50, wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15.
Her mother refused and she's had it long ever since then.
She gets it trimmed twice a year and has a conditioning treatment.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
Quiana Jeffries has helped the champ with his strict organic food diet.
But the 38-year-old has problems finding organic food stores in the early hours of the morning.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer.
Gareth Southgate’s squad finished fourth last May.
The nucleus of that group will be involved in the European Under 21 Championships this June.
The island of St Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502.
It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels.
At its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Early next year a £218m airport will open on the island.
Andrei Soldatov accused Edward Snowden of not being 'transparent'
He said he was being'secretive' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
Mr Snowden, 31, revealed himself in June 2013 as the civilian CIA worker.
He fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
Frolander walked in on boy performing sexual act on him at his home in Daytona Beach, Florida, last July.
After his arrest, police released his mugshot, which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations to his face.
Now, he has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case.
Wearing orange jail jumpsuit, Frolander showed little emotion as he agreed to
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night.
Brahimi is a prime transfer target for City as they look to revamp their squad.
City are also keen admirers of Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Manny Pacquiao stole the show in an advertisement for Foot Locker in November.
The Filipino joked about the possibility of facing Floyd Mayweather.
Foot Locker have released a follow-up where Pacquio acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.
It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.
In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out.
The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation.
Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America.
That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants.
Ryan Giggs phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
Ryan, 41, spent £150,000 trying to silence Big Brother star Imogen Thomas.
The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhodri's wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger.
Natasha also said she had aborted Ryan's baby just weeks before she got married to Rhodri in Las Vegas.
Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.
Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's.
The game puts an emphasis in being charming and friendly to almost everyone.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, were to a lunch club meeting.
An 'evil looking' man tried to rob them of the contents of their baskets.
Mrs Mason, from Swindon, Wiltshire, slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
The attacker was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off.
Great-grandmothers said they refused to let the 'weasel' bring them down.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in Japan.
The whales were found on a 6-mile stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato.
Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings.
They triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake.
Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University.
The tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant, which featured 50 dogs, is the kickoff event for the Drake Relays track meet.
Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- to be honored as mascot of the event.
Stroke patients with damage in the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore say the level of damage to this area affects a persons ability to detect sarcasm.
The inherent humour in the comments also defused the tension that comes with anger.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield.
Mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back would require four hours of travelling on the bus.
She also believed the short distance from her home would also be a deciding factor.
But council said school has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying.
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty.
She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching appeal.
Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under President Adly Mansour.
West Ham will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Premier League.
Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue to pass on savings to fans.
The new TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights.
West Ham insist they will not make a final decision on the future of Sam Allardyce until the end of the season.
Aaron Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other.
The 25-year-old was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of Connecticut in his senior year.
Hernandez was also involved in the 'thug life' in his hometown of Bristol, Connecticut, and escalating drug and alcohol use set the stage for the murders.
He had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion in the Boston suburbs.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.
The note has been viewed millions of times and even Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson retweeted the photo.
'It just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone,' says Murray.
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Manuel Pellegrini's appointment would have suited those fans who resist the charge towards potential greatness.
City's failure to make any kind of serious progress in Europe reflects badly on English football.
The club need to think bigger and drag themselves towards greatness.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game.
One of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt.
When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
And the heartwarming moment was caught on camera.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Harry Kane's 30th goal of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14.
Christian Eriksen's free-kick missed his team-mates and Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal.
The official attendance was returned as a massively inaccurate 47, 427 – making it the biggest of the weekend in the top-flight.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue.
The 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs.
Auguste Escoffier was installed by hotel manager César Ritz when the Savoy first opened in 1889.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool.
The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26.
Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational'
Ibe could return to the starting line-up against Newcastle on Monday.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places.
Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop.
The mass, which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level, measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide.
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving a nightclub in Glasgow at 1am on Sunday.
She was wearing a black jumpsuit and red heels when she was seen leaving the flat in Kelvindale at 4am.
Her handbag was later found in Dawsholm Park, north-east of the city.
Police have moved their search from a park in Glasgow to a farm, graveyard and golf course near a rural road in the Stirlingshire countryside.
A spokesman for Police Scotland said last night that officers are now following 'a definite line of inquiry'
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave.
Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure is also out of contract and considering whether to accept a new deal.
Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer for the forward.
Martin Skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with Wolfsburg planning a move for him.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California.
The 30-year-old claims he was tackled to the floor and 'hog tied'
He was then thrown into the back of a van by police before being taken to hospital.
Reardon has denied charges of evading a peace officer, DUI, DUI with alcohol or drugs within 10 years of a prior, and resisting an executive officer.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.
Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw.
The Argentine striker headed home a cross from Rubens Sambueza.
Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half.
Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact for 76 minutes.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time.
McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
The jockey currently leads the Jump Jockeys Championship by an insurmountable margin.
Worker caught on camera urinating in field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire.
Member of the public snapped him using the field as a makeshift toilet.
Owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect.
Tesco says its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process'
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house.
But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston.
As he ran away, Scott shot the father-of-four multiple times, killing him.
Scott, who is black, ran away and a video showed Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Scott.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap.
The comments came after his team lost their Champions Cup last-16 clash.
The dramatic, up-close images were captured by a Bornean student.
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede.
It is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect's grasp.
A proposed ban on alcohol in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.
Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership.
Manchester City travel to Selhurst Park to face Crystal Palace on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places.
City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race.
The champions could even find themselves in fourth place if results go against them over the weekend.
Four-vehicle crash happened in Goodge Street this morning.
Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics.
It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath on camera.
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his Audi A5 outside the dealership in Chelmsford.
He parked it outside the entrance because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up.
Mr Beefnah claims that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car.
The motorist is demanding £9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car, which can reach speeds of 150mph.
Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack.
But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents.
Prince William has announced he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.
His wife the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days’ time.
Quentin Letts of East Anglia Air Ambulance says William is a 'new man'
'Under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says Letts.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean.
Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico.
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts.
Scientists in California have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long'mega-drought'
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times.
He called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them.
His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the crimes.
Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head.
He initially blamed a stranger for the slaying.
Lee was removed from the home of his biological mother, Stacey Merk, just two and a half months before his murder.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear of Arsenal in the Premier League.
Louis van Gaal's United have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started.
Di Maria has scored just once since October – and that against League One Yeovil who have since been relegated.
Eli and Silas Keslar, 18 months, died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona.
Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but a Go Fund Me page has raised over $10,000 for their memorial and medical costs.
The boys were pulled from the water by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter at about 11.20am on Friday.
They were flown to a Yuma hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night.
The bar manager also told police the woman, who was intoxicated, was 'extremely intoxicated'
She was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
A study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years.
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers.
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe.
She was caught out by a strong current and swept out to sea.
New Brighton RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha.
They pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
But despite the crew successfully rescuing Martha, they have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets.
QPR are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points.
Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins.
QPR face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season.
Couple were fined £120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School.
They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school.
After the unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
The boy’s grandmother, from Benfleet, Essex, paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed.
Mohamed Diame will return from injury for Hull City on Saturday.
The £3.5m Senegalese midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury.
Hull are currently just three points above the Premier League drop zone with eight matches remaining.
Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to a suburban Toledo, Ohio, mosque.
Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012.
He broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque.
The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate.
Moran is currently a sergeant at that facility.
Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements.
Frozen salt and vinegar crisp, anyone?
But believe it or not, the process can make some things taste even better.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour.
Here, Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover.
Aston Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th.
Villa face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford.
Michael Conlan has booked his Olympic place after results went his way in Venezuela.
The Belfast bantamweight was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing.
Barnes delivered in style, extending his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'
Just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Sarah Sparkman, who tweets with the handle @cupcakesarenice, remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen.
Screengrabs of the conversation on March 12 have been posted on Sparkman's blog.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton.
Yann Kermorgant fired Bournemouth into the lead with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute.
Callum Wilson put the Cherries 2-0 ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute.
Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
He took 248 Test wickets with his leg-breaks and scored 2,201 runs.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition.
Metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter.
Apple polishes the aluminium used in its Sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer.
Shanay Walker was found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July.
Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court.
She is accused of having food shoved in her mouth and being struck with a hairbrush.
The youngster had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
Morris told police officers Shanay had fallen down the stairs.
But the 23-year-old was later arrested and charged with murder.
Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton.
She was removed from the plane and met by police after she was accused of causing a security breach.
Transavia Airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
The incident occurred at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel.
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease.
The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Australian singer Sia’s Chandelier.
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track'
The Mercedes pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton and team-mate Nico Rosberg will renew their rivalry in Bahrain.
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Holcomb, shaken by the experience, was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east.
The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms.
Her mother Anne Parker said her daughter needs a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs.
Ms Parker said she has had no contact with the principal of the school, Amadeo Ferra, despite Mr Ferra issuing a statement reinforcing the uniform guidelines.
Adam Gadahn was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman.
He was killed in a drone strike in January.
Another January drone strike killed Ahmed Farouq, the operations leader for Al-Qaida in Pakistan, as well as an American hostage and an Italian hostage.
Gadahn's father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours.
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
Venues in 15 cities, including Los Angeles and Queensland, participated in the event.
John Frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’
He has to collect the duty due on imported diamonds, fur coats and Rolex watches.
Frost says he looks out for those strolling through the airport in flashy clothing.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering.
Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of the third-floor window from this apartment complex earlier this month 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie.
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes.
What's more, most of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
CBS made $1.8 billion in U.S. profits last year and received a $235 million tax rebate.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure.
The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson.
Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.
But according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
'Y'all this guy is making a sandwich with a George Foreman in class. #hailstate [sic],' Britt Reynolds tweeted on Monday while sharing a photo.
The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many commenting on how Roman is their hero.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX.
Ronaldinho scored two goals in quick succession during the match.
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura.
Hedione activates the pheromone receptor VN1R in humans.
This activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
The Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966.
It has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain, CKOne, Paco by Paco Rabane and Chanel no. 19.
Comfortably Numb numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin.
The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water.
It costs around $2 (£1.34) to produce and could also be used to ease the pain of ear piercings and tattooing, and help reduce swelling.
James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales.
The Gloucester fly-half hasn't given up on earning a Wales recall.
Hook faces Edinburgh in the European Challenge Cup final on Friday.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the summer.
Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched Toner.
Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Aston Villa's young talent.
Ri Sol-Ju seen clapping next to her husband Kim Jong-un during football match.
Match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather.
Ri was last seen in public in December 2014, when she and her husband attended a ceremony to commemorate the third anniversary of the death of Kim's father.
The Kim dynasty has ruled the isolated state for nearly seven decades with an iron fist and pervasive personality cult.
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
He has penned a two-year deal with Alan Solomons' side.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16.
Police Chief John King said Friday that there is no evidence Salgado was kidnapped, but he says they are very worried because she hasn't made contact with anybody for longer than a week.
Salgado's cellphone has been turned off, and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in run-up to election.
But he said key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters.
Support for his party dropped from 16.75% in November to just 12.25% today.
Mr Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South, Kent.
An experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.
In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull.
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
Three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar.
Four of the children are aged two and the youngest is 11.
Arrests come as 19-year-old detained at Luton Airport on Tuesday.
More than 22,000 foreign fighters are believed to have joined Islamic State.
Lucy was the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found.
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia.
Now, a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday.
Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars.
For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'
They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names.
The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016.
ISIS stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by UN war crimes investigators.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations.
The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event.
Thorpe Park Resort has launched the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze.
Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril'
The new attraction has been visited by actors Angela Griffin and Tamzin Outhwaite.
Boxer David Haye, Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the new maze's opening.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
'Our Planet' is being produced by U.K.-based Silverback Films in collaboration with World Wildlife Fund, an independent conservation group.
Paris Picnics makes it easier for tourists to enjoy the French capital.
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer.
Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at lunch club.
The 67-year-old was seen arriving at Coningsby Community Hall yesterday.
Husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
Couple said they would buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her tattoos.
She has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success.
Her handouts include an employment and support allowance of £360 a fortnight and housing benefit of £400-a-month.
Also gets sick money because she suffers from depression, which has caused her to go up three dress sizes from a 12 to an 18.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with his Thai girlfriend moments before his death.
He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
The incidents happened in Hua Hin, a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of Bangkok.
Mr Mackay was found bleeding profusely at the shop but paramedics were unable to save him.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic.
He realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments.
Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Thibault Courtois was exceptional as Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers.
The Belgian goalkeeper has struggled in previous weeks.
Courtois has also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke.
Four sandstorms have hit the north-west of the country this year alone.
Golmud in Qinghai Province was left covered in a remarkable red haze when the sand cloud blew across the city yesterday.
China's National Meteorological Centre has issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm Sunday.
Police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband's upper torso.
The 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
He was taken to UCSD Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home.
He then found himself nose-to-nose with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up child.
Pair had both wound down their car windows in Burnley, Lancashire.
Moore then jumped out of his vehicle and punched Mr Cgielka through window.
Then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased car.
Finally, he then armed himself with hockey stick and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him'
Moore admitted assault by beating, destroying
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta.
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'
It also lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
In the bottom right of the map is a scale, where you can change the units of measurement by clicking.
You can also measure distances in Golden Gate Bridges, football fields and school buses.
Various data can also be overlayed on the map, such as the amount of iron or hydrogen in certain regions.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, braved Taliban fire to rescue wounded comrade.
He is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour.
A cousin was given the honour 70 years ago.
It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient.
The self-styled Mirreyes post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
They are often the sons and daughters of members of Mexican high society.
The images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $12,850 per year after taxes.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged into the basement below.
A workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.
Three people were injured and a main road in Sheffield was closed off.
Naveed and Rizwan Hussain were jailed for 12 months each today.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert claims that Spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past.
ESPN.com asked 103 tour professionals which player they would not help in a fight in the car park.
Watson got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed.
Patrick Reed came second in the players' unpopularity poll.
Photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors.
It was supposed to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans.
But decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable 'transformer' robot stalled before it could complete its operation.
A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
Gigi Hadid has credited her best friend Kendall Jenner for helping her deal with social media haters.
The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback.
Kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models at New York Fashion Week.
Lexi Boling, 21, and Binx Walton, 20, left cruel comments on a pre-show image of Kendall shared on Vogue Germany's Instagram feed.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials.
His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.
The elephant's 32nd birthday would have taken place on Wednesday.
Studies vary on how long Asian elephants live in captivity.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston.
She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig.
The culprit Jordan Goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly.
Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion.
At one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye at Preston Crown Court.
Goode sobbed
Manchester City players were trained on Wednesday ahead of their match on Sunday at home to West Ham United.
Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as X-ray-like vision.
The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see.
For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
An ‘Augmented Parking’ feature projects images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror to the glasses to help drivers park close the curb.
Ed Miliband sets out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers.
He also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
Move to clampdown on landbanking has proven unpopular.
Mr Miliband said he would introduce rent controls if it won the election.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn Rovers.
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches.
Leeds' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park.
Jamie Shaul scored a long-distance try to seal the win.
St Helens lost their third straight defeat.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
He said that he wants to have her thrown in jail.
Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Perth Glory fans will face the prospect of a five year ban.
Two teenagers have been charged for allegedly setting off flares.
A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg in Friday's clash at nib Stadium.
The incident follows as Glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $269,000.
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique.
New images have emerged of him looking a little more hirsute.
The actor appears to have a much thicker chest of hair.
Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end.
She said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false'
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world.
The video features an interview with the World No 1 as he steps up his training ahead of the 2015 Masters on April 9.
McIlroy heads to Augusta hoping to complete a full set of major titles.
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in event of hung parliament.
But she is not even standing for election to the Commons.
She vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way.
Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power.
Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos, which her owner uploads to her YouTube channel and Instagram page.
In them she is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard, look at her reflection in a mirror for the first time and try out a collar.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
But it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire.
Bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia.
Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed the law in 2012.
Jeremy Clarkson will not host Have I Got News For You later this month.
The TV personality was due to record the show on April 23 to be broadcast.
It would have marked his first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed for hitting producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas' at a hotel over dinner.
Clarkson has vowed to keep working after being dismissed from the BBC.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Nigel Winterburn says Arsenal should keep faith with Wenger.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe.
Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning.
The only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal, 19, who had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul.
He is now receiving counselling to try to come to terms with the devastating loss.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat.
The Colombian striker was speaking at the #HeadtoHead for Puma's 'evoSPEED 1.3'
Falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested last month for allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance.
Wesley Hadsell has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
The stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges.
Doug Hughes, 61, flew his gyro-copter from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to the lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
The small, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way.
Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics.
Women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.
Cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
The Geishas of Japan used rice flour to whiten their faces.
Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in Namibia.
While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells.
‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan.
Desert fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form.
Marilyn Zuniga allowed her third grade class to pen letters to murderer.
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981.
She has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online, but said they had wanted to write to him.
Karen Buckley, 24, vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend.
Her body was found on a farm north of Glasgow after a four-day police search.
A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested.
He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
Tearful friends, family and colleagues of the popular student laid flowers and left messages of condolence.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
The fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m)
Mayweather received $180m (£117) and Pacqiao $120m (£79m) from the fight.
Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday.
Clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?'
Shortly after praying, Clark said she spotted the diamond sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt.
She named the teardrop-shaped diamond the Hallelujah Diamond, claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after taking DNP.
After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
She said her daughter never intended to take her own life, she just didn't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the tablets.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was pictured looking less than impressed at the Chinese Grand Prix.
But she said she didn't think much about the incident and wasn't annoyed.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' and 'disgusting'
But not everyone was offended by his behaviour.
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department.
In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position.
The shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
Clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on Sunday that featured 'everyday' Americans preparing for something big.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected.
His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema,gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
The newly-christened Galbraith filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal.
He said all parties would have to face up to 'electorate's judgment' after election.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven.
She said he would be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Fans paid nearly £40 to see Tinie Tempah perform in Canterbury last night.
But he arrived late and only performed two songs before leaving.
Club Chemistry has apologised to the audience and accused Tinie of breaking his contract.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs.
She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia.
Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat.
Police have issued the photograph of the suspected offender.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
Bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns.
The midfielder will miss the German Cup quarter-final against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with several Premier League jobs.
Jose Mourinho insists he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes says Klopp's pedigree in European competition would work in his favour.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca.
It was shelved after it proved ineffective in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory.
The drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)
It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie.
The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm)
Other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view' - although the exact degree of view isn't listed.
Immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift, which is expected to
Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6.
million in its opening weekend.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
It also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The world No 3 posted a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers.
Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Joe Hart insists Manchester City are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left.
Hart won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement.
David Beckham posted a picture of his beard on Instragram on Tuesday.
Due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard, he captioned it'silver fox'
Scott Ade, a stylist at Daniel Hersheson, believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter, 52.
But she bought £1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed 18-week course of chemotherapy.
She contacted budget airline to delay trip after discovering she needed treatment.
EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final.
Alexis Sanchez scored two goals and Adam Federici left the field in tears.
Ramsey said: 'I've felt the experience of losing in a final and it's not a nice feeling'
Melbourne brand Elliott Label is hitting the big time in Hollywood.
The brand is adorning the backs of stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL.
Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL, has joined with Kylie Gulliver as partner to Elliott Label.
Gulliver admits that since Antin has come on board the brand has sky rocketed from being a'small solely-owned start up' to a complete lifestyle brand.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Hull.
But fell and hit his head and fractured his skull and suffered bleed on brain.
He was placed in a medically induced coma, but died five days later.
His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team.
Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England.
England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible.
Aljaz Bedene will become a British citizen on January 1.
Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
Bedene's ineligibility for the Davis Cup team has made it less of an issue.
Murray admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying.
The father created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Gianluigi Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night.
Joe Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game'
The Manchester City goalkeeper is 10 years younger than Buffon.
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked in August 2014 in Las Vegas.
She was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose and a ruptured kidney.
MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, will be tried this autumn.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win.
In strongest hint yet that they could work together, Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
Mr Farage said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay 10K Run were left exhausted.
They were sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour after marshal took a toilet break.
Instead they continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres.
Bournemouth Borough Council appealed for those affected to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill'
Ursula Ward, mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye.
Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013.
He did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract.
Ward said: 'I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin'
The new temperature record was measured on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
The ice shelf covering the sea has declined considerably in recent years.
Ice shelves in West Antarctica have lost as much as 18 per cent of their volume.
This could hasten the rise in global sea levels, scientists say.
Climate scientists have blamed the changes happening there on human-generated global warming.
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30.
He asked his players to pledge to give their all when he took over.
Cheltenham occupy 23rd in League Two and trail 22nd placed Hartlepool United.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest.
Experts, including Columbia University professor and net neutrality activist Tim Wu tweeted: 'Comcast merger is dead'
The merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation.
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Crystal Palace have won six out of 10 league games since his appointment.
Pardew insists he is better than many of the Premier League's big-name managers.
The Eagles travel to Manchester City on Monday.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn returns to the ring.
The 51-year-old took on Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces.
It could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet.
The colour-coded terrain models show the impressive height of the Meridiani Planum region at up to 820ft (250 metres) above the surface.
Signs have been erected in the municipality of Lastres on the Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route.
They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it.
The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game.
The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.
Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police.
Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in November.
Apple's Watch hits stores this Friday when customers and employees alike will be able to pre-order the timepiece.
Boss Tim Cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device.
Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible.
The plans were leaked to Apple fansite 9to5Mac in which Mr Cook wrote: 'I know that many of you have been looking forward to choosing an Apple Watch for yourselves'
Prices for the
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, is honorary president of the Front Nationale.
He said Nazi gas chambers were 'a detail of history'
But he has refused to step down as party's honorary president.
Marine Le Pen said she would oppose his candidacy in December.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger says his team will have to be perfect until the end of the season.
The Gunners are seven points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Luis Enrique only took charge of Barcelona last summer.
The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the title.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique.
Yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in Islamic State.
Women and young girls from religious minority are kept as'sex slaves'
Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq.
Hundreds have been able to return, either by fleeing or being set free by ISIS.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today.
The warden had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed Lamborghini.
Clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked from Top Gear last month.
He was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea.
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in the Northern Territory.
The 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.
On his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'
Medals include an Airforce Cross, War Medal 39-45 Star, a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal and others.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon.
But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race.
Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League.
QPR boss says if he 'was a betting man, which we’re not allowed to do, I would be putting a bet on him keeping them up'
Ramsey and Sherwood were in the trenches together at Spurs and live within 10 minutes of each other.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project.
The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Hillary Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport.
Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.
The three got the lion's share of Mrs. Clinton's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable'
Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events.
He interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children.
Teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the UK speaking up to 300 languages.
They also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
Stephen King's hit novel series The Dark Tower is on its way to big and small screens near you.
The revered writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series.
Three years on, things are back on track - this time with Sony.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.
He was taken to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen.
Wiltshire Police confirmed they had stopped the investigation pending further information.
But their failure to identify, charge or prosecute anyone involved has dismayed hunt supporters across the country.
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
The Frenchman has learned from top managers including Jose Mourinho, Fabio Capello and Arsene Wenger.
Pep Guardiola stepped up from coaching Barcelona reserves to become the youngest manager to win the Champions League.
Charlton came from behind to earn a point at The Valley.
Ross McCormack gave them the lead after eight minutes.
Johann Gudmundsson scored his 10th goal of the season.
Fulham are eight points clear of Millwall in the Championship.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P.
The probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby.
On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface.
But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas it was flying through.
It was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth.
‘Not the best month to choose to go
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear.
The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience.
Mariam Seddiq sent confident models down the catwalk in breast and bottom-baring frocks.
Lewis Ferguson, 18, was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning.
The amateur jockey survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square.
Ferguson has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in Hurghada, Egypt.
Unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time, but was forced to return to its stand.
Witness said the unruly passenger was removed by an armed officer.
The Curious Canine Kitchen opens in Shoreditch, London, on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April.
Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson.
Dishes include tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut, and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell.
Should Sterling leave for one of the Premier League's big three, then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid.
Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling ahead of the summer.
Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal's Theo Walcott.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15.
Police department said officers were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force' using the broom.
But video footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was fatally shot.
Hall's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court in Miami against the city of Miami Gardens and the two police officers.
In 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience.
Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon, says Skyscanner's CEO and Co-Founder Gareth Williams.
The travel experience will become much more personalised in the next few years, including using biometrics.
Plane manufacturer, Airbus, believes that planes in 2050 will be made of panoramic windows.
Samantha Giufre, 19, was left for dead in a gutter on September 7, 2014.
She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain.
One of her alleged attackers, 18-year-old Basher Hawchar, was supposed to front court on Wednesday but instead sent legal representation.
On his behalf, Hawchar's lawyer plead not guilty to four charges, including dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm.
The young woman has urged anyone else who was in the car to come forward.
Scientists at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more.
They found obese people fall into one of six categories:.
Scientists hope distinction will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight.
Jared Henry, 27, was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.
The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed.
To date the winceworthy video of Henry in action in the Ozark Mountains has been watched more than 300,000 times.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen in Stratford, London, last night.
She was wearing a red jacket and black leggings with white stars on the legs.
Detectives had released a CCTV image and appealed for information.
But the youngster was traced this morning and is safe and well.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg.
The egg measures 1.8cm and is smaller than a 5p coin.
Shannon keeps seven hens at her family home in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire.
She is storing the egg in the fridge for safe-keeping.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
The Puerto Rican-born fighter has revealed his secret weapon.
Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-0 with 17 KOs.
John Suchet in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following battle with dementia.
Classic FM presenter, now 71, has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis.
He wrote a book and became honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week.
They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader.
The Pope’s weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica.
Candice, 26, has appeared in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign.
The South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the shots.
Max Factor celebrates its 80th anniversary this year.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom.
The 90-second video, which is titled 'Boring Office Job GoPro Commercial', has already attracted three million views on YouTube.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
The 37-year-old returned to her home near Sydney on Thursday evening.
Her husband, Sabino Matera, has made a desperate plea for information.
Police have released a photo of Jessica smiling and wearing sunglasses.
She is described as being Caucasian appearance, 170-175cm tall, a slim build and black hair.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer.
The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson.
Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Corrective Services NSW has launched an investigation into the matter.
Emission 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1.
They were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
Nasa recently signed a contract with commercial spaceflight companies SpaceX and Boeing with the intention to produce craft capable of transporting astronauts to the ISS.
Tracey Cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.
She says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
The more they like who they are, the healthier your relationship will be.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the Blues with a right-footed shot.
Dominic Solanke equalised for the west London side with just minutes to play.
Abraham restored Chelsea's lead on 20 minutes after Isaac Buckley had briefly restored parity.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup.
A Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies.
It's all change for Kevin Sinfield as he switches codes from League to Union.
Phil Jones needs to improve quickly at Manchester United.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool.
Liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts.
Brendan Rodgers has repeatedly insisted that Sterling will not be moving anywhere this summer.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal, admitting he was 'flattered' by their interest.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder.
Coleman had shown up on Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence's block in the Nicetown neighborhood of Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her.
That's when Coleman sped forward, hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle.
The unattended stove went up in flames, causing a housefire that consumed both the Spences' home and a neighbor's.
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick and man of the match award.
The win takes Celtic eight points clear at the top of the Premiership.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate during Man City's 2-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
The Spaniard was taken to hospital to be assessed.
He was carried off on a stretcher after receiving around eight minutes of treatment on the field.
City will assess in the next few days whether Silva has a chance of playing at the weekend.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter.
She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years.
He is said to be 'heartbroken' about the split - while his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup.
The couple have secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes.
The community, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' reads one of one of the group
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall.
They are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.
The intimate shot marks not 40 years of marriage but 10.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island.
Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Mr Ryan has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
Romelu Lukaku has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Mino Raiola.
Raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game.
Lukaku has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season.
Former IRS official Lois Lerner won't be charged with a crime for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions.
U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen, on his last day in office, told House Speaker John Boehner in a seven-page letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment.
Lerner has long been in the GOP's crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status.
Beginning in 2010, the department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny
The Crown Princess attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen.
The 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial in the city.
Mary spoke of feeling alone and misunderstood after losing her mother.
Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year.
Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists.
The Art Series collection features eggs boasting designs by Jackson Pollock and Banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $15.95.
Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are once again selling their enormous chocolate eggs, which weigh in around the 2.2kg mark and cost $132.
Plane made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima Airport.
There were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board.
Emergency services are at the scene, with injured passengers being taken to hospital.
Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul.
Adam McBurney was not at his home in Cromkill, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident which occurred on Easter Sunday.
Investigators' markings showed at least 12 bullets hit one window of the house.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink.
Despite having several tattoos while he was in the Marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left that has cost him his chance at reenlisting.
Knapp is considered a Tier 1 Marine, scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness, marksmanship, and job performance.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season.
The Real Madrid forward posted a video of him singing along to Tupac.
Benzema is confident his club success at the Bernabeu can force his way into contention for the prestigious award.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays in Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House.
The building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
The Queen's horse made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes at Newbury on Friday.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap.
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side.
Wigan beat Wakefield 40-22 at the Rapid Solicitors Stadium.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick.
It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane's men.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars.
He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Laing has been forced to live at an approved address, complete an alcohol and drug treatment program and attend any psychological assessment and counselling ordered by his parole officer.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli.
Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final.
Napoli coach Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A.
NRL head's reveal players could also face sanctions for their unacceptable behaviour on the field.
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee.
The match review committee will 'look very closely at' their behaviour, noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review'
The NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials after a violent end to Friday's game when spectators threw bottles at match officials.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading.
They can sell for as much as £6,000 each, far more than the £28 fee.
Research by travel website GoEuro found that the British passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study.
It takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay it off.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, has revealed she was severely bullied at school.
The model used to feel 'physically sick' looking in the mirror.
She was scouted at Primark in Hammersmith, London, at 15.
Now she walks for the likes of Balmain, Fashion for Relief and Topshop Unique.
Jack Grealish could end up playing for Republic of Ireland against England.
The 19-year-old has met Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane.
Grealish won the country’s Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin.
FIFA ruling stating friendly match appearances do not commit a player to one country.
Aston Villa could sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million.
The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba.
Andone was born in Romania but moved to Spain when he was 12.
Researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain.
The study suggests that the pained faces of rats may have a ‘communicative function’
They may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help.
Male mice sing to woo females, scientists claim. They also change their tune depending on whether she is within sight or not.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
He showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano.
The victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol.
Hoey, who ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island he inherited from his father and grandfather, pleaded guilty to the charges in August.
Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties' of
The 78 Irish travellers had refused to budge despite facing three courts.
Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their village.
They claimed the eviction 'violated' the human rights of the 39 children.
Last October, the camp appeared to have lost its case.
But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
Fylde Council said the legal battle has already cost the local authority £200,000 in legal fees which will be met by the public purse
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016.
Many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation.
They blamed the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii.
Others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers, blaming'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival.
More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at Future Music Festival events around the country.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges she wheeled her quadriplegic son into woods in Philadelphia.
Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park.
He was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the Bible.
Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was hospitalized with dehydration
Ron Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
The claims came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell.
Powell was stopped in a Milwaukee suburb in July 2013 carrying two rifles, four handguns, a makeshift silencer, a knife and a cache of ammunition.
He reportedly told Powell that 'if it was Ron's time to die, to let him die and not intervene in any way'
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands.
After the camera cuts to her pals, it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds.
Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video.
Rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page, which shows a brief clip of her holding the supposed tube in.
her hands.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup on Saturday.
French League president Frederic Thiriez has been asked to resign.
Geronimi has called for Bastia president to step down.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani scored for PSG in the final.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.
'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One, however,
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators.
Mr McDonald has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
He said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g.
Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent.
The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago.
It is just the latest product to feel the pinch in the declining confectionery world.
New York Mets closer Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol.
The 25-year-old right hander, who is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow, will not be able to play again until at least July.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre.
These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel.
But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery.
The finding, published in Nature, was made by scientists using Nasa's NuStar telescope.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him.
Both Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon.
Prime Minister urged audience to support West Ham during speech yesterday.
But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
Last week the PM tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final.
The two teams do both play in a claret blue colours - albeit in stadiums 130 miles apart.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview.
She said she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting.
This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead.
Sharpe also expressed sympathy for the Scott family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever'
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production.
Based on the novel by Walter Tevis, the 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet.
Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team.
The Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Real Madrid.
Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup.
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.
Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike.
Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine.
Navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning.
It fired some warning charges the size of grenades in the sea outside Helsinki.
Finnistan shares an 833-mile border with Russia and has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries.
Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car.
Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders.
The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
Stover was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack at a manhattan bar and
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died.
Some people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain.
Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit.
He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him: 'Don’t worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive'
Ashleigh Stumler from Charlotte, North Carolina, thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on Mount Everest
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple.
She made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby.
The short film was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
England have pulled out of the home nations international Under 16 tournament.
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield.
Referee Martin Atkinson travelled in business class on return from Munich.
Pele will enjoy a short stopover in London on Thursday.
West Ham are closing in on signing Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford.
The 17-year-old forward impressed on trial at West Ham earlier this month.
Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles.
Police noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
On Wednesday, he made his initial appearance in Justice Court.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery.
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups.
There were several arrests at the rallies, including three in Melbourne where more than 3,000 people clashed in Federation Square and blocked surrounding streets.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape.
In the article, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
But a recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story.
Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece.
Scot's College students could buy their way into university without completing their HSC.
The University of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the university.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal.
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to purchase them.
Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share.
That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
Even more impressive is that the trader managed to make the purchase just minutes before
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steven Gerrard left the club at the end of the season for LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure admitted Gerrard was'sad' after the loss.
The former Ivory Coast international also felt sorry for Liverpool's fans.
Massaging your 'third eye' can help boost concentration.
Massage reflex points can boost memory and dissolve tension.
Keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer for optimum nutrient absorption.
Swap cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast.
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.
The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account.
His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life'
Mings has been linked with a move to Premier League side Arsenal.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country.
Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165.
Hawaii and the District of Columbia are paid an average higher than $67,500.
People who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions.
People with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier, on average, than those who had no sleep problems.
The onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems, experts said.
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course.
A student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident.
Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid £200 in compensation.
Leeds said Hardaker's punishment is far stronger 'given his previous misconduct'
Fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security.
But experts have discovered they may not be as secure as first thought.
A number of Android devices, including Samsung's Galaxy S5, were said to be potentially 'leaking' fingerprints.
The flaw means that a hacker can access the kernel, or core, of the Android operating system.
Once inside they can monitor data sent to and from the phone, as well as data recorded by the handset's built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner.
When a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month.
The 26-year-old had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.
Reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at West Ham.
More than 1,700 Chinese students took an exam in their high school's playground.
Students at Yichuan Senior High School suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves.
School said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space.
It added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes.
Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits.
The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
A subsequent poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory.
Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
The Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries.
His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit of those who live off the land.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving.
She was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old.
Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also 15, accused her of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year.
Granado was suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes after washing machine broke.
The 20-year-old then tried on his polo shirt and underwear for size herself.
She then posted a picture of herself wearing the star's underwear on Twitter.
Niall has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters where he caddied for Rory McIlroy.
The rate of bankruptcy, 15.7percent, remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid.
Despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year.
This is dramatically lower than a widely quoted statistic that 78percent of retired players are bankrupt or under 'financial stress' within two years of leaving the league.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap.
The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***'
Brendan Rodgers was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at Blackburn magistrates' court.
The Liverpool boss left a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington to rot.
Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
They were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish from the house's garden.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves for the Manchester derby.
Temperatures in the north west hit between six and eight degrees Celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off.
Gary Neville described Toure as a 'weed' in Manchester City's garden.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.
The Dutch midfielder attempted the audacious shot following a poor corner clearance at the San Siro.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.
Salzburg is the most hummable city ever.
The original star, Julie Andrews, paid tribute to the film at the Oscars.
Music tourism began almost immediately after the film's release.
It's the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan.
Mr Hall said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message.
Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud.
The tooth fairy is a fictional character who leaves money for children in exchange for their lost teeth.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life'
She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
'I was a bona fide weirdo in high school,' she wrote.
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where Chelsea win the Premier League.
Chelsea lead the table by six points, with a game in hand, and face Stoke City at home on Saturday.
Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke despite the player suggesting he is tired.
Diego Costa is back in training but could not be fit enough to start against Stoke.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job.
In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job, while in Estonia, only around 40% did.
People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor.
The UK was average for the generosity of benefits and this was reflected in the percentage of people wanting to work - at 60%.
London Mayor launches Tory campaign in north west London.
Claims Labour leader is 'hostile' to people who want to own their own home.
Says Ukip wants to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Mr Johnson was mobbed by fans at the launch in Mill Hill, North London.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative.
Mccombs said that the next thing he knew, Musick was attacking Day.
Day was taking part in the Salvation Army's 12-step 'Turning Point' program during which Day confessed in a letter to the molestation.
The dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III.
It will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored.
The restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
Lewis Hamilton finished 16th in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time in the 90-minute session.
The circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, created a photo series called SPOOF.
The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
In the images Nathalie has recreated the adverts completely.
From the clothes the model wears, to the poses, make-up, hair colour and surroundings.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda.
Report warned if IS was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world.
Number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
His owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate.
The couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the annual Celtic player of the year awards dinner on Sunday night.
The Norway midfielder is delighted with the Hoops'special' season.
Ronny Deila's side went eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season.
The Stoke striker is set to return to action in July.
Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers from knee injury.
Click here for more Premier League news.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull.
She had surgery to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour.
The operation, carried out three weeks ago, was successful.
But when she returned home with the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso dog, she noticed lots of bruising on the its back.
Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn.
It is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital on Wednesday.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game to give Juventus the advantage.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person.
Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice.
Felipe Massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008.
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together.
Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix this weekend.
The #NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys.
It is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke.
Girls' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes, while boys are encouraged to make burgers.
Many parents responded to the images by posting pictures of their children playing with 'the other gender's toys'
Manchester United have been brilliant in the second half of the season.
But without Michael Carrick they look far more beatable.
Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn United into title contenders.
Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender fit the bill.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
'Customer service, both on the phone and in person has been much far worse than anyone would want,' IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday.
Rangers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the Championship.
Stuart McCall's side face Hearts in the play-offs on Saturday.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own.
The pair teamed up to perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight.
Barnes was supported by backing dancers as he dazzled the crowd.
Redknapp was equally adept on the mic as the pair entertained the audience.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day.
But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners.
Chores included doing the laundry and the washing up, as well as running errands.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head.
While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated.
Her initial story was that she had put the baby in a crib and then found her dead later on.
She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby.
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since fugitive stole files.
Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications.
Henry Jackson Society has found at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications.
Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry, when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete.
So Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them.
Sharry called the ghostly final picture 'amazing'
After sharing the image to her Facebook page, the photographer found that other people thought the image was amazing too.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily’s very special wardrobe would be a stretch.
Health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories.
They put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire.
He was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police.
The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer.
She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy.
Her partner Tallon Pamenter said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple - who were planning to marry this year - had been through.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer.
Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will be taking part.
The pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and August 5.
Chelsea will reveal the full details will be revealed at a press conference in New York on April 28.
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.
Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique.
The over the counter drug Phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous.
It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East.
Despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
In recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Ander Herrera scored a brace in Manchester United's win against Aston Villa.
The Spaniard was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games he played in.
Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans.
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola were in deep conversation during a Barcelona training session.
Mourinho was Bobby Robson’s assistant at Barcelona.
Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time.
Luis Enrique faces Laurent Blanc in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show.
For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city.
The attraction features a ball pit, slide and climbing area.
Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
Todd Larson, 55, said he had parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25.
Moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am.
Mr Larson said the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and that the ice was the size of a cinder block.
He has already paid the $4,000  in repairs which included $400 for the windshield and additional costs for replacing his Bluetooth, emergency phone and electric power seat with a heater that were all damaged in the incident.
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
He also used a 50 megapixel digital Hasselblad and a top of the range 1DS Canon digital camera.
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks in Spain.
Others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation in demonstrations of commitment to their faith.
In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, uploaded a picture of him'missing' the Eiffel Tower.
The Belgian food blogger asked users to help improve his photo.
Over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up connecting his finger with the tower.
Van De Ven said he thought it would be hilarious to deliberately make fun of the typical tourist pictures.
Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in the BBC's much talked-about Sunday night offering.
Game of Thrones has caused a similar loin-stirring frenzy among those watching with characters such as Jon Snow and Jaime Lannister perfecting the tender but rugged look.
Kit Harington plays Jon Snow in the HBO fantasy series and matches a smattering of stubble with dark curls and puppy dog eyes.
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011.
Researchers analysed 22 studies, including five from Britain.
They found the risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
A man whose car smashed into a Geelong house was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash.
The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses told the Herald Sun.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout.
A four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
She was held at gunpoint by a man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie.
The robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register.
Holcomb has now been offered her job back, but is unsure whether to take it.
Popeyes have offered her $2,000 in backpay, since she has been out of work for
Seven babies and three mothers died at two NHS hospitals in eight months.
Independent investigators were called into Royal Oldham and North Manchester General.
Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth.
Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
Incredibly, the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
She also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
Sudan is one of five northern white rhinos left, and a number of them are his descedents.
The 43-year-old rhino was moved from a zoo in the Czech Republic in 2009.
It had been hoped the move would encourage them to breed, but all attempts have been unsuccessful.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night.
Rolling Stone is not expected to take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited.
Despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts, nobody will lose their job over the story.
The minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off.
A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of Russia.
It comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed another rocket launch which killed six Russian ballistic missile technicians.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations in Landford, Essex.
It is thought to date to 5,600 BC and could re-write the history of Mesolithic burial practices.
Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
The find sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening.
Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of grass towards Sergio Busquets.
Busquets grabbed his eye despite the clutch of turf clearly striking him on the neck.
Referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido brandished a straight red card.
Barles Charkley posted the video to his Facebook page on Saturday.
It stars his toddler daughter Viktoria, as she comes to terms with the tragedy.
The scene in question sees Mufasa murdered by his evil brother Scar.
Other top contenders include the scene in 1942 hit Bambi where the deer loses his parents.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active.
This roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone.
The 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week.
It was tagged with the name of a Bay Area motorcycle gang.
The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide.
Clarence David Moore, 66, was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free June 10, 1972.
He has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive.
Moore suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk, but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID, he has been unable to receive medical treatment.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he started hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine.
He stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
Bruce said he was exploring the idea of gender reassignment surgery with doctors in Denmark but had a change of heart after meeting Kris, the ex-wife of famed LA attorney Robert Kardashian.
On Friday night, he publicly addressed about his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special tonight
Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Leonardo Jardim's side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can right the wrong by eliminating the Serie A champions.
Vicars say system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos.
But clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school.
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament.
He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
Mr Farage said yesterday he opposed EU action to tackle migrant deaths in the Mediterranean.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
He originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour.
But he then bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
The victim eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door.
Incredibly, he even sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle,
Deputy Prime Minister said there was a'very real danger' that Ukip and Northern Ireland's DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom'
Comes after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night.
He said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
The 56-year-old singer performed her first stand-up routine on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday.
She described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' stand up routine.
Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City on Saturday.
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the title.
The Blues have only briefly relinquished the title lead since August.
Jose Mourinho's side are six points clear of nearest rivals Manchester City.
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. between Boulder City and Searchlight in Nevada.
Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
A trooper saw Larry Reid's Lexus SUV in the dirt median with the engine still running.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that DrBrandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday.
AbravanEL said Brandt, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Dr Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago.
But within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare.
Mark Ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against Ms Jackson.
The photography student says her year of living next door to Mr Ray was the worst of her life.
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century.
Theobald claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard.
But a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the playwright as the true author.
Results showed the author was likely to be sociable and fairly well educated.
Sinbad the kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the kitten.
Sinbad had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes and has since been named Sinbad.
He has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months and will be re-homed.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
His parents, Ahavah and Jason Cook, were all deaf, so they were expecting hearing problems.
But they were able to experience the moment their son was fitted with hearing aids last month.
The amazing moment was caught on video and was uploaded to YouTube.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening.
A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition.
Brad Guzan suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel.
Given has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, will now be accessible via footbridge for the first time.
Developers are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres)
The new visitor site will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historical building to its former glory.
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft.
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board.
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season.
Louis van Gaal is keen to make him one of his first signings this summer.
Depay was named in Holland's 23-man World Cup squad last year.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 in the Ibrox derby on Thursday.
Stuart McCall's side are currently in mid-table safety.
Rangers travel to Livingston in the Championship on Wednesday.
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at London's Grosvenor Hotel.
The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions this season.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in February.
Chelsea are on the brink of a first Premier League title since 2010.
Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas.
For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site.
Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death.
But damning new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home.
England full back Mike Brown is still showing signs of concussion.
Brown was knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations Test against Italy.
The 29-year-old has taken no part in training or team meetings.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea says he does not blame Brown.
Paul Tudor Jones II, 60, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week.
The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access.
Jones, a graduate of the University of Virginia, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix.
They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.
These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype.
The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday.
Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena.
Pietersen's impressive return to long-form cricket 14 months after his England sacking was timely, on the eve of the first Test against the West Indies.
Rangers lost 3-0 at Queen of the South on Thursday night.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed.
The Light Blues remain behind the Ibrox side in third place on goal difference.
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby.
The Clarets are currently second from bottom in the Premier League.
Dyche insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's performance in the Champions League shows you don't need to buy big.
The French club are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of European football's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years.
Monaco host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday.
The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, that is about as loud as a school cafeteria.
It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Victoria's Secret unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' last year.
More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for an apology.
A few days later, the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement.
But that hasn't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire.
The 32-year-old has won five trophies with the club.
Bell has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies' favour.
Newcastle sit 18th place on 24 points in the fantasy table behind Sunderland.
Cisse is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain.
She is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office.
In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership.
Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels and rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks.
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum.
He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading.
But he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose, which is held on by magnets.
In order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, he had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, in October.
They met thanks to a car accident in August 2013.
The pair moved in together in October 2013 and are hoping to get married this year.
Ranon was married at the time of the accident, but had been growing apart from her first husband of 20 years.
Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him on their third date.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama.
A third person suddenly starting shooting at the animal, it was claimed.
Stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks.
He was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery.
Police are continuing to look for the person who fired the shots.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke.
The Chelsea boss travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old.
Spanish newspaper AS report that Mourinho could offer Filipe Luis in a part-exchange deal this summer.
Koke's release clause is around £50million which Chelsea could be willing to shell out.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times.
The 41-year-old has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race.
She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award.
Paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003.
Alex Vella, 61, is the president of the Rebels bikie gang in Australia.
He has been banned from returning to Australia after the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in Malta.
Vella has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, stole £17,000 from City firm where she worked.
She used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon.
But she was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from honeymoon in Seychelles.
Court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence.
Saunders, also known as Gabriella Osborne since getting married last September, was spared jail.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'
Cardiff Crown Court heard that the three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation.
Philips, Evans and Stokes were released on bail following today's hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in Washington's Dungeness Bay hit their church kayaking trip.
Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals.
William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the Coast Guard, has improved from critical to serious condition.
His pastor, Bill Bowers, said Kelley is 'not able to speak at the moment'
Tim Bresnan last played in whites for England during the 2013/14 Ashes whitewash.
The right-arm quick took 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57.
Bresnan is keen to give England's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire.
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders.
He was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card.
The bouncer and his friend chased the man, and tackled him.
Eventually, he was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie.
But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer.
Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for mocking the Munich Air Disaster.
Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings.
A total of 23 people perished when a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich.
Police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of supporters at the clash after just eight arrests were made.
Terry Martin shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the proceeds.
But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Police found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead from a.
shot wound to the head.
Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment.
Whittington was caught on surveillance cameras allegedly hitting his three-year-old toddler in the face at a supermarket.
The relationship between the toddler and whittington has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father.
Dindral later gave the footage to cops who were able to track down the suspect.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment.
A total of 800 inhabitants occupied the settlement, but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated from the area.
Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church.
He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation.
Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance.
South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Sharpton is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the Scott shooting.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980.
On Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.
In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'
As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for him.
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.
They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside.
Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air.
No one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed.
Edouard Duplan was substituted midway through the first-half.
The referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man.
Duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the pitch.
With a hop over the advertising hoardings, Duplan saw the funny side.
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid.
The Welshman has scored 17 goals for the La Liga side this season.
Bale has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer.
Real Madrid have also privately declared their interest in making David de Gea the long-term successor to Iker Casillas.
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure.
The club are pressing on with their task of expanding the main stand as pictures from Monday showed.
Work will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
The cubs were born March 11 at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg.
They are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
The jaguars are featured in the video away from their parents.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note.
The note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue.
It came amid fresh concerns about the Establishment cover-up.
Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5.
During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times.
The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees.
Brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.
They swiped £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process.
CCTV footage shows gang using umbrellas to conceal entrance.
Also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.
Gang have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.
They then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel.
The algorithm determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose.
And they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted at 6pm local time.
It is one of Chile's three most dangerous volcanoes, but was not under observation.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada.
The eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere.
Volcano last erupted in 1972, with a weak eruption following in 1972.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest.
Freedman has stabilised Forest since replacing Stuart Pearce.
Forest's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all the main parties.
It said none of the major parties had given 'full details' on how they will tackle debt.
Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts.
Labour has left door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars.
The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.
Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles.
Glenister and Anstead work on more than one vehicle per episode.
Finnish education only did so well before because of influence of teacher-led methods.
But it has slipped down international rankings tables as liberal techniques became widespread.
Report author Gabriel Heller Sahlgren said methods 'are not good for test scores'
A man was shot in New York City Wednesday night as he fled from the scene of an alleged crime.
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city.
When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
The suspect was taken to a local hospital where they later died.
Celtic want to keep Jason Denayer on loan for another season.
Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 victory in Israel.
But Denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club.
Ronny Deila has confirmed he will ask Manchester City if he can keep Denayer next season.
Diafra Sakho limped off after 58 minutes against Stoke on Saturday.
The West Ham striker has scored 12 goals this season.
Sakho was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental.
The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations.
Many of the adverts in the book featured beautiful women in an effort to glamorise destinations and encourage people to travel.
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Southampton have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches.
Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form.
Southampton travel to Hull City in the Europa League on Saturday.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula.
The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs.
Ms Fritz had a struggle sitting upright under the weight of the 200lbs pup.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo.
School of Trevally fish began circling above her.
Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment.
David Haye was stopped by officials at Dubai International Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory.
The Northern Irishman believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality.
Rodgers has an indifferent record against Villa since arriving at the club in 2012.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead atop the Bundesliga.
Bayern are in the German Cup semi-final with Borussia Dortmund.
Guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with Bayern this season.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat.
Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon.
He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft.
Viseu was charged with the theft of the camera as well as stealing a Kindle from an unknown owner and pleaded guilty in court.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some operations.
Many have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight.
The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index, which measures obesity.
Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery, while smokers could be banned from having IVF on the NHS.
Sherrell Dillion has been given a place in the Top Model of Colour competition.
The single mother-of-two says she is technically homeless.
Sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation.
Sherrell starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee.
Fifi M. Maacaron's book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne, oil and dryness.
Maacaron, from Newport News, Virginia, created her book to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products.
Her Winter Rescue Mask is specially formulated for dry and weather-beaten skin and contains full-fat cream cheese.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.
Duckling begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat.
Lamb’s owner said: ‘What could be mistaken as pecking is actually a heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
His surgery raided following four deaths 'of concern'
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor.
Islanders claim the death from pneumonia of Karen, 52, in January prompted the investigation.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013.
He is set to start the season with the Brown Caps.
Sam Reese, 22, has received death threats over his behaviour on First Dates.
He asked his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself.
The action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter.
'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I’m dead,' he said.
Holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight.
Five customers reported having 'thermal incidents'
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.
This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015.
Foreign GPs now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, new figures show.
NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
Royal College of GPs estimates NHS will need to hire 8,000 more doctors.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday.
Footage shows the driver of a black SUV coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
The incident, which occurred just past 6pm, shut the highway for around two hours.
The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard.
Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo.
The rhino's horn is made from keratin, the same stuff as fingernails.
But attempts at breeding have been unsuccessful - and Sudan is now getting old.
Samantha Cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election.
Prime Minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by Mark Reckless.
Mr Reckless defected from the Tories to Ukip last summer.
He held it with a majority of 2,920 after the Conservatives threw the kitchen sink.
Mrs Cameron is expected to make a series of more stridently political interventions.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia.
In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea, which formed one billion and 300 million years ago respectively.
Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011.
Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy'
She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness.
She feared the girl would be attacked, too, she said.
Paul Gascoigne scored one of the all-time great goals at Wembley 24 years ago.
The Spurs midfielder hit a ferocious shot that has gone down in legend.
Gascoigne's goal came five minutes into an FA Cup semi-final.
Tottenham would go on to beat Nottingham Forest 3-1 in the final.
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services.
Acting CEO Maura Pally defended foundation's work and reaffirmed commitment to transparency.
She said it had'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations.
Fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments.
Pally said the foundation would'remedy' any errors but stressed the total revenue was reported accurately.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress this season.
Former QPR boss says Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids.
Redknapp also criticised Tottenham's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale.
Red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds.
It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int he crash, became stuck in the wall.
Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service today.
It will allow vulnerable women to attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow.
Decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day.
Religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Yale University researchers have revealed subtle differences in sentence structure.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this'
Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying 'didn't nobody help him'
While Florida residents can be heard using the phrase, 'I ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em
The 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta.
He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack.
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
It's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria and was holidaying at the Bali resort.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
But an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund, but – and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there – in European football.
A New Jersey mom's decision to take her 11-year-old daughter to a Pink concert has a judge saying, 'So what?'
The New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the father.
The parents have joint custody, and the father said he disagreed with the'sexually suggestive' nature of some of Pink's performances and did not want his daughter seeing it.
But state Superior Court Judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision.
Ashley Pegram, 28, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3.
Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old Emoney Bon.
But when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30 year-old man, Edward Primo Bonilla.
Bonilla has been charged with obstructing justice and he was given a $400,000 surety bond during
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century'
Ali was banned from boxing for three-and-a-half years for refusing induction into the US military to fight in Vietnam.
Frank Sinatra persuaded Life magazine to give him a camera and send him as their ringside photographer.
Migrant ship capsized off Libya's coast this weekend, killing 900 people.
Mourners lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta, to remember victims.
Another emotional memorial service was held in front of Rome's Verano Cemetery.
It came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes.
The relentless tide of migrants escaping the war-torn country of Libya has continued since the tragic wreck this weekend.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age.
'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama.
A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
Jimmy Anderson took four wickets on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record.
England lost five wickets for 20 runs on the second day.
Rotherham were sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Millers have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them.
But Evans insists he does not know the strength of his club's defence.
The baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd at Whipsnade Zoo.
It stops to dawdle as it reaches the grass and uses its trunk to pick something up off the floor before setting off again.
The young mammal’s back gets in the way and causes the link to break.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas.
Nevada Highway Patrol trooper issued a $200 ticket to Fragoso for putting on lib balm while at a red light.
The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
Kim Rose is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen.
He is being investigated by officers after laying out snacks at event.
Electoral Commission rules food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes.
Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Squatting on private land, the group are linked to the Occupy London movement.
They set up camp outside St Paul’s Cathedral in 2011 and have left locals outraged.
The battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the Magna Carta anniversary on June 15.
Swedish furniture store IKEA has banned shoppers from sleeping in beds and sofas.
Staff at the store in Beijing say the problem has become widespread.
Customers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks.
IKEA employees said the problem is difficult to manage, because so many Chinese shoppers do it.
NBC's Brian Williams embellished at least 11 different reports, an internal investigation has reportedly found.
The total, cited in media reports about the secretive investigation, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Further scrutiny of Williams's record turned up other questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the French Quarter of New
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag?
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday.
Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following recent poor results.
The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals as Clermont ran riot on their home turf.
Footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on board a Jet2 flight.
Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff.
Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the aircraft.
All passengers had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway.
U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans.
Many economy seats on United Airlines have 30 inches of room, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.
Changing the door handles and painting the walls can make a world of difference in just a few hours.
The experts say de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on The Block will add cash to your sale.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates since leaving Arsenal in 2011.
The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend.
Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Jason Archinaco and his wife have been sharing their home with P-22.
The cougar has made his home in the crawlspace under the house.
Workers discovered the big cat on Monday at noon, as they were trying to install a security system.
Ten hours later, he was still refusing to move - despite being poked with a prod.
Animal welfare officers have even resorted to using beanbags to move the lion.
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana.
It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.
Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air.
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000.
The former Manchester United and England defender played for four clubs.
Parker was most famous for playing right back for Manchester United.
Harry Kane could miss the Under 21 European Championship.
Tottenham will travel to Malaysia for a post-season friendly.
The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27.
Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia.
State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said death was 'a tragic accident'
Family described him as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.
The research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds, who only drink eight a week.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia.
The resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes.
His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer is listing his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent Eastern Suburbs.
The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the CBD.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV.
Instantly the Ukip leader was accused of 'dangerous scaremongering'
But latest figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas.
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in April 2009.
She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility.
After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Everton played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev.
Aaron Lennon scored for the Merseyside outfit but the game ended in a 1-1 draw.
Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season.
Kibulu the African lion cub was born at the NSW Zoo where he was born.
His mother rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers decided it wasn’t safe for him to stay.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat in Western Sydney is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
The sanctuary is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of Penrith in western Sydney.
Amir Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
The Bolton fighter had come under increasing pressure to take on Kell Brook.
Khan was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman.
But Khan said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else.
Algieri lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen.
The Dardanelles Straits and the Sea of Marmara are a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes, mountain tracks and undulating greenery.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train.
His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police.
Isabelle was charged as an adult with aggravated sexual assault and robbery and is being held on $1million bail.
The teen was previously convicted as a juvenile for misdemeanor theft.
Hannah Campbell, 30, was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered.
She was serving with 19 Tank Transporter Squadron in Basra when blast happened.
Doctors told her she would never conceive again, but gave birth to Lexi-River.
But when she was ten days old, she suffered excruciating stomach pain.
Six months later she developed a larger ulcer, which perforated.
Her relationship broke down with long-term partner Anthony McMorrow.
The couple have decided to split after Miss Campbell began suffering from a mystery condition.
A report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
It's estimated that 3,299 tonnes of carbon dioxide are released every day from people drinking Coca Cola alone.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games.
The 45-year-old Bulgarian now lives on a £370-a-month hand out.
Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history.
He is unbeaten in 49 professional fights and is considered one of boxing's all-time greats.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons after the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996.
She reached out through social media to speak with Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
They found out they work at the came call-center operations company and live six minutes away from one another.
Mitchell-Clark also found out that she had three biological younger sisters.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion.
It was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties.
Judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off.
The new owners will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt.
Taken on frontline of fighting in countryside outside Aleppo, photos show prisoner being forced to his knees before being shot.
ISIS released disturbing photographs on same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under terror group's control as happy and carefree.
They distributed images of smiling farmers living near Aleppo who use Western technology to grow and harvest their abundant crops.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup.
But he was substituted at half time and has not played since.
Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender, telling Shaw he was not fit enough to play for United.
Shaw has turned to United’s psychologist to declutter his mind and reboot.
Radamel Falcao has scored only four goals since arriving at Manchester United.
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Colombian striker.
The Serie A champions have expressed an interest in Palermo youngster Paulo Dybala.
PSG's Edinson Cavani could be a cheaper alternative.
Fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying 105 African migrants from Libya.
12 men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths, police say.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder'
They are from Ivory Coast, Senegal, Mali and Guinea Bissau.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
The order would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple.
The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas.
Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars for his Fantasy Football Club.
The former Chelsea winger chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Malouda included Chelsea defender John Terry for his leadership qualities.
Gary Goldsmith was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent's Park at 8.30am.
They were taking a stroll when a cyclist, listening to music, ran over Cheech.
Mr Goldsmith posted a picture of the alleged culprit on social media.
His accompanying message included the words: 'Evil s***… Coming to get ya'
He has vowed to make it his 'personal mission' to find the man responsible.
Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland.
Leinster's Rob Kearney is a real threat as a strike runner.
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks have been hit with a record £21million fine.
Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman.
They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI.
Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.
Deal aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.
Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
He said: 'Everything we promised in the nuclear talks... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises'
David Cameron and Barack Obama insisted the deal was'strong'
Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding.
Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes teenage defender Dayot Upamecano.
The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window.
Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September.
Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford.
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United are keeping their options open.
The decision from U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the IRS.
The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
Federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose, including issue advocacy, and allows them to promise
Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania.
Making an attempt to scare them away the driver is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck.
Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
The Italian-inspired mansion, which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains, has now gone on the market for $29.5 million.
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.
The property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door.
Gary Cahill has won four cups with Chelsea since joining in January 2012.
The England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season.
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional weddings set people up for failure.
She says a fixed-term Starter Marriage would work better for many.
Couples agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years'
At the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families.
Australian parents spend an average of 140 hours per year getting children breakfast.
Sophie Falkiner, 41, believes nuts are high in protein and good for fussy eaters.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight.
The findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat – with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Study author, Professor Stuart Pocock, said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February.
The 79th Masters gets underway on Thursday.
Bubba Watson is the defending champion.
Justin Rose, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood and Henrik Stenson are also gunning for glory.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer.
Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
It appeared to take Mr Abbott about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Dom Joly jumped off Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing's boat in Brazilian waters.
The 47-year-old was invited to join other celebrities onboard boats.
Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained by Tom Daley.
He climbed the mast of the racing boat for a'selfie' before it set out to sea.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label.
Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova.
The young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design.
MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster.
Guidance issued by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure.
Mary Schuyler, 120, ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday.
Schuyler broke the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour, she took home a grand total of $6,000.
Her competitors were allowed to tackle the challenge in teams of two, but none came close to winning the competition.
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.
The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Famous artists include Henri Matisse, Salvador Dali, Georgia O'Keefe and many others.
Wales climb to world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Belgium rise to its highest-ever spot at No 3, followed by Argentina.
Costa Rica fell two spots to No 15 but still lead CONCACAF nations.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday.
Her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW.
The 26-year-old was a popular teacher at Leeton High School where students paid homage to her.
Ms Scott's fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was a forlorn figure at the Mountford Park memorial last Saturday in Leeton.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday.
A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo’ll deny the two Australians clemency.
The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid.
Sukumaran and Chan are currently awaiting execution on the death island of N
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
The Chelsea forward nut-megged David De Gea for the opening goal.
Jose Mourinho's side need eight points to win the Premier League.
John Allan claimed David Cameron's decision to promise an in-out referendum means the cart is'very firmly before the horse'
He suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly'
The Tory election manifesto includes the promise of a referendum by 2017, but only after reform of Britain's membership.
Carla Suarez Navarro will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final.
The 12th-seed didn't face a single break point in the semi-final.
Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic for the third time in five meetings.
She's looking for her second title at Key Biscayne.
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.
Workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family'
Public and Commercial Services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free.
Staff have voted 'overwhelmingly' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered 'years of pay restraint'
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust.
They are around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming.
The discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms.
It suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37.
She launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009.
More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
Poll of more than 2,000 adults to mark Allergy Awareness Week.
Two-thirds don't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save lives.
Intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home.
The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to CNN.
It is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed.
Last September, a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side of grounds.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday.
The 21-year-old scored Spurs' third in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United.
Kane is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5.
Research from the NASUWT union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils.
Some youngsters hurl chairs, bring fireworks to school and threaten to slit other pupils’ throats.
Cross-dressing robber robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria.
He was dressed as a woman brandishing a fake firearm.
The robbery was carried out in not very ladylike fashion.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread.
They found that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent.
Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival.
The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web'
He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack.
The teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn.
The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must be cleaned up.
He quit two-thirds of a mile into the swim in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water's pollution.
Swain, who has previously swam the Hudson and Columbia Rivers, said that cleanup of the canal should be accelerated.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today.
Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
It comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
He took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.
The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean.
Having the extendable pole most often allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.
But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles from his patch.
Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role.
He claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing after allegations.
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent.
Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9 (or cycles per second)
They were discovered in 1929 by Hans Berger, who invented EEG.
Enhancing these electric oscillations may help treat people with depression, scientists claim.
Amanda Holden, 44, is the cover star of the June issue of Good Housekeeping.
The Britain's Got Talent judge lost one child and nearly died after having another.
Holden, who married record producer Chris Hughes in 2008, has two daughters.
She has admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her glowing appearance.
Ruben Blundell, 6, helped deliver his brother Theo, who was four days overdue.
His mother Michelle Madden, 30, went into labour in the middle of the night.
Left with no time to get to the hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home.
Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times with hammer.
The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in.
Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury.
He is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits.
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said she would step in if he quit.
But she played down his medical problems, saying: 'His health is fine'
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope.
Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.
But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos.
The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
They tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon.
It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
Officials in Wuhan, central China, have accused tourists of damaging the bronze sculpture.
Yu The Great founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC.
Legend says that Yu and his wife were brought together by a mythical nine-tailed fox.
Over the decade that the statue has been in place, people have been touching the hand of Yu The Great, the fox's back, and wife's chest.
Locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture, but admit the behaviour is unlikey to change.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, and Henry Rogers, 22, both weighed 15st before 15th birthday.
Jamie was so self-conscious with his looks, he barely posed for any photographs.
After two years of intense and solid training, he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st.
The pair are using their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the'shame' around body image and insecurity amongst men.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick for Crystal Palace against Sunderland.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles at the Stadium of Light.
Alan Pardew's side now sit fifth in the Premier League table.
Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for Real Madrid's 3-0 win.
The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game.
But the Norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench.
Odegaard will become the youngest player in the club's history if he comes on.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action.
The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
The 25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors failed to administer a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding.
He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life.
The booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail.
She left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.
The qualified nurse referred to the residents as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'
She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move.
India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 nationals.
Former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat.
The Union minister had tweeted “duty” and “disgust” soon after attending a reception hosted by Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia.
Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
The air temperature was around -25C (-13F) and the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000C (1832F)
After lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island.
The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010.
On Friday morning, Dana Dor, her husband Adi, and their boys, Aidan and Brandon, headed from their Lake Ronkonkoma home to meet Chester.
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from Glasgow nightclub on Sunday morning.
CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club.
She then got into his car and travelled to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Police have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect.
Miss Buckley's parents Marian and John have flown to Glasgow to help.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.
The North Carolina student also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.
Agbafe describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
He credits his mother, a Nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example for him.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week.
For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in.
Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies.
Chase Culpepper, 17, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year.
The policy bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance.
Culpepper and the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund sued the agency, calling the policy unconstitutionally vague.
Under the settlement, the DMV also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Daley Blind hailed Wayne Rooney's team talk after the game.
The Dutchman believes United need to focus on the end of the season.
United face Chelsea in the Champions League on Saturday.
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed.
He says Turner's macho grunts tarnished the view of the usually'sedate' action of scything.
Female fans take to Twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also set to take part.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun.
They completed their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
It takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours, splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured with great precision.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health.
Police said they now consider the case to be closed.
It came after more details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family.
George Costello Jr, 45, has a long criminal record and was jailed again just days after she disappeared.
The USA have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June.
The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond.
Some people have questioned the decision to abandon the USA's traditional red, white and blue colours.
But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1.
David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City.
New York's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls at high-flying DC United.
San Jose's Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in his team's win over Vancouver.
New TNS survey shows SNP has almost doubled lead over Labour.
52% now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for Mr Miliband.
Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said.
Poll is a blow to Mr Miliband on the day he used Labour's manifesto launch to insist he is'ready' to be Prime Minister.
Sky's Premier League coverage went head-to-head with Arsenal v Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on the BBC.
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage at Wembley.
The BBC even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible'
But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before showdown.
Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top.
He will share the platform tonight with Labour's Ed Miliband and Lib Dem Nick Clegg, SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, the Green Party's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California, closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people, four of them critically.
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99.
Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the
Ronda Rousey appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on April 3 in the UK.
The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event.
Rousey's mother Dr AnnMaria used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds.
U.S. Army Staff SGT. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home.
Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter.
Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, has been married ten times.
Her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010.
Barrientos' last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita.
She has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
TSA got to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers last year.
Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes.
The funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira.
She's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens.
Average one usually contains daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter.
Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself on Instagram while decorating colourful Easter baskets.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12.
Kaneshiro had a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
He had a record of 19-12 in 31 MMA fights since 2002 and last fought in Boise, Idaho, in 2014.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole in Shirley, Solihull.
The father-of-two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
Smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-feet of the ground on the pedestrian walkway.
Despite his shock, the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident.
Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident, thanks to
Anthony Bethell, 74, and St John's College, Oxford, locked in row over hedgerow.
Hedge marks boundary between his home and college's land in Warwickshire.
Mr Bethell decided he would pay for work to restore hedge, which dates back to 1686.
But he claims college has refused to agree with him and has taken college to court.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their own car.
Drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt.
Survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm OSV found 31 per cent of men haven't washed their own cars.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair.
Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models  to selfies uploaded.
The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models.
Tottenham face Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have been struggling this season.
Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime.
Pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
He boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail, court heard.
Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized.
Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron in phone call.
Also bragged about plans to import cannabis from Amsterdam and ship BMWs to Jamaica.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS.
The 16-year-old was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane.
Odegaard missed the two games before Sunday's match, which ended 1-1.
It has been suggested other Castilla players resent the starlet training with the first team three times a week and his superior wages.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday.
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand walked the red carpet.
McCoy bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing on Saturday.
The awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport.
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career.
She claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg.
Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love for years.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
Walter is one of four species of flying fox native to the east coast of Australia.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is expecting quadruplets.
She went in search of sperm and egg donors when youngest told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
The schoolteacher from Berlin is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, gained 23 stone after tying the knot with Stefan in 1993.
She wore a size 26 to size 28 and would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her.
The mother-of-three gained 12 stone after binge eating following post-natal depression.
Doctors agreed she could undergo weight loss surgery but first they said that she had to shed some pounds.
Julia now eats healthier foods and even goes to the gym and has a new wardrobe.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday.
The German won the Stuttgart Grand Prix for her second title of the season.
Kerber beat Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Wakefield Wildcats were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves.
Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players.
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next Saturday.
Periscope allows users to broadcast live video to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight for free using recent live streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, Michigan, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse.
He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages.
But the couple call it 'an accident', not child abuse.
Brenda Burns has fled to
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack.
Two other teens have been arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.
Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area.
Riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match.
An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
The court will make a final decision on their fates on May 30.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in their absence.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final.
Isaiah Jay Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0.
Dominic Solanke and Brown also scored for the Blues.
Brown was named on the bench for Chelsea's game against QPR on Sunday.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall.
He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by Left-wing standards'
His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
Some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters.
John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday.
His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Amir Khan enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern California.
The Bolton-born boxer posed alongside a rare but dangerous white tiger.
Khan was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa.
Britain's biggest banks have racked up a £39billion bill in just three years.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014.
Banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers.
Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Paolo Dybala says he could be playing his final games for Palermo.
Argentine forward has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Dybala scored his 13th league goal of the season on Saturday.
Arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club with bids.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career to see off Rayo Vallecano.
The Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona.
Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by doing what all forwards should, sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez.
He is the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul.
An elderly man has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital.
John Lahiff was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf on Monday.
The man, in his 70s, believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course.
He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
Mr Lahiff says he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons.
She has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage.
Mrs Drew estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p.
Manchester United's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Barca.
The Premier League giants will face Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG.
Van Gaal was unhappy last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do as they zig-zagged around America.
United will play once again in the International Champions’ Cup.
Collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can.
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria, at 9.30am on Good Friday.
The 11-year-old was camping in the national forest with his family.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams.
Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
Prime Minister and outgoing Leader of the Commons William Hague will launch the English document.
Centpiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws'
It will give English MPs an effective veto over legislation applying only to their constituents.
Mr Hague is expected to warn England risks being 'held to ransom' by SNP.
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four.
He forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
The 31-year-old never revealed her past until her partner Rob asked her if she had been abused ahead of their wedding in 2013.
Rob, 34, helped to put Derek behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Delphi Automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the US.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Along the way, the vehicle encountered complex driving situations.
Team collected nearly three terabytes of data—about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral.
There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
Polish woman has spent time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada.
She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there.
Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu.
Goska holds a bottle for the large feline, who drinks from it with great enthusiasm.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country.
The 34-year-old keeps the game simple but has been under pressure.
Carrick's passing tore England apart at the World Cup and is worshipped in Italy.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.
But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers.
Manchester United are considering a move for the France keeper.
Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is known to drive a hard bargain.
The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is £32.6m.
Geneticists at Harvard University in Massachusetts studied ancient human remains.
They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin.
It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
The first Europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today.
New research suggests Caucasians were a recent addition to the area, arriving on the continent 8,000 years ago.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio.
The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked.
Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream.
PETA's UK director, Mimi Bekhechi, said videos like this 'often inspire ill-informed people to obtain monkeys as pets'
Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support.
The Arsenal midfielder returned from injury to captain the U21 side.
Wilshere will be hoping to feature in the FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst.
The three-minute video was viewed more than three million times on YouTube.
Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize'
He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver'
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them.
Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
Dortmund are now only five points from the top six.
Jurgen Klopp insists their league position after the Klassiker is not his biggest concern.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment.
The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry.
Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan.
British national, of Polish origin, arrested on Saturday.
He was part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front.
Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage.
Both prosecutor and hostage takers were killed after police shoot-out.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs.
He said judges should be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
His comments came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
Following a controversial trial in 2003 of a Muslim woman accused of witness intimidation, Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas said there was a need for clear guidance on the issue.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious.
The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years.
ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia.
It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment.
The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
Jay Dasilva is the eldest of the three children who left Luton Town's academy to make the 100-mile round trip, three or fours times a week, to Chelsea’s Cobham training base.
Jose Mourinho has made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of Chelsea's youngsters next season.
Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Tuesday.
The Dutchman has only made one league start this season.
De Jong is in contention for a seat on the bench at St James' Park.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home.
She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect.
Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising.
On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department's Facebook page after the video went viral.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne.
The video of the swimming echidna was posted online by YouTube user Emma B.
Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010.
Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
'Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock,' Ashley responded.
While wrapping up the wedding segment, anchor Jason DeRush noted that men spend an average of $5,855 on the engagement ring.
Bettie Jo, 24, was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs.
Husband Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals.
He kept Bettie Jo fed with unhealthy foods and kept her fed.
She now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) and can stand up on her own.
Alexander Kutner came face to face with three rhinos.
He documented the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands.
Rik Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
But probate records reveal he had no will - even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Pankaj Saw, 29, fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday.
Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am.
Mr Saw was on the phone to his wife back in India at the time of the tragic fall.
Investigators are looking at whether a structural fault contributed to Mr Saw's fatal fall.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt.
The Manchester United midfielder joined Athletic Bilbao for £29million.
Herrera says he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the English giants last summer.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.
They were last seen alive on March 28.
Delmarva Power has been subpoenaed to document exactly when it shut off power to the rental home.
Maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from November 1 through March 31 without an affidavit filed to the Public Service Commission.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued.
The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made.
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today.
Paul Smith has landed a shot at Andre Ward.
The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Almost all family doctors polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends.
Nearly two-thirds are not willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries.
Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments.
Lionel Messi posted a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son.
The Barcelona star has confirmed he is to be a father again.
Messi and Antonella Roccuzzo already know they are due to have a baby boy.
Manchester City have been restricted to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows.
UEFA's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer.
Manuel Pellegrini is hoping that the financial restrictions imposed by UEFA for a breach of FFP rules will not be lifted at the end of this season.
Manchester United, Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees in the past 12 months than City.
Senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon.
Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks.
It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process.
Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film.
Kid Kulafu charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to boxing career.
Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars.
Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived.
Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show consistency.
Mauricio Pochettino believes the pair have been affected by England call-up.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Pochettino hopes to see a big improvement against Newcastle.
Hearts face Rangers at Ibrox on Sunday.
Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club this season.
The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August.
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes.
The Matrix actor grilled Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports F1.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences.
He is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others in Phoenix.
Police launched a massive manhunt to find the culprit behind the shootings.
Giroux is reported to be a member of the Hammerskin Nation.
Aston Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday.
Shay Given will keep his place in the side for the final against Arsenal.
Brad Guzan is set to lose out again for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, parliament and elsewhere.
The annual memorial day commemorates the six million Jews killed by the Nazis during World War Two.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount.
Jackson said he wanted 'a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the Yankees and of New York City'
German government warned of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables.
But German government failed to pass on warning two days before MH17 crash.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer.
The Frenchman has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association.
Vieira is one of the potential candidates to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Sam Barton, 22, has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex.
He was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men who pelted him with eggs.
Barton, who lives in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, says he is being bullied online by a gang who have now thrown eggs in his face.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average'
Of the 9,397 out of 11,000 that answered 'average', 84 per cent regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance.
A staggering 96 per cent of women around the world describe themselves as average, leaving just four per cent to admit they consider themselves beautiful.
The statistics are highlighted in a new video by Dove which shows women having to walk through doors, either marked beautiful or average.
Garnet Ghost Town was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver.
It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
Locals say the spirits come out around midnight.
U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad'
This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns.
The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies.
This comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exonerated in November.
They were sentenced to death for the 1975 murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks.
Bridgeman served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder.
Ricky Jackson, 59, was the longest serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 conviction.
He was released last year after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch.
When she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through'
Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric.
Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania.
Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy.
The former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal.
The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
Both President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Clinton incorrectly blamed the Benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a YouTube video mocking Islam's prophet Muhammad.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon.
He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.
The manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager.
Stuart Lancaster and his coaching staff are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause.
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems.
Sam Burgess starts at blindside flanker for Bath against Newcastle.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home.
He has been adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going and her family.
She admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family, but she said it was worth it.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
The order would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
A clutch of sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail near Hailsham.
Discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby Brighton and Hove.
Dog owners warned to be aware when they are out walking their animals.
Audrey Pekin, 19, says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali.
She was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu, who she had met with other friends.
Alafu lured her to his remote home and then assaulted her again.
The pair began drinking together at the Bounty Bar in Kuta, before moving to the nearby Sky Garden to continue the night.
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special.
Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday.
Arenson revealed that the Google engineer wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, believed she was getting her period.
But when she made a dash for the bathroom, she found she was in labour.
She gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the floor.
Miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy, and had no cravings.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight.
Her son drew an unflattering portrait of her.
The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself.
Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday.
Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft.
On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
The espresso machine is three months late because of the backlog created by last year's loss of a supply ship in a launch explosion.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted 500ft to riverbank.
Pair were attempting risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when Jay lost balance.
Mr Carey was told he may never walk again after being injured.
But he recovered to return to the jump this year and has retraced his steps.
Manny Pacquiao has been training ahead of his fight against Floyd Mayweather.
The Filipino took to Instagram to show off his ripped physique.
Pacquiao faces Los Angeles Lakers guard Jeremy Lin on May 2.
Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing.
Suicide bomb detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, early Saturday.
Attacker detonated explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring 125.
Group were waiting to receive monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them.
Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid tweeted: 'We condemn/deny involvement in both'
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game in November.
Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial.
Goult, wearing a suit and pink shirt, spoke to confirm his name and deny the charge.
Woman was watching Pittsburgh Pirates take on Chicago Cubs at PNC Park.
Ball was hit behind by Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head.
She was taken to hospital on a stretcher after 22-minute delay.
Pirates said she was unconscious and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45.
He killed Ms Brown so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars.
Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found.
Graham, who dubbed himself Teflon Don, was jailed for life last year.
Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which totalled £816,127.86p.
But he now has no available assets and so must pay back just £1.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress.
Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind.
But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice.
They found that pregnancy protected the rodents from tissue damage around the heart.
Pregnancy is a unique condition for the human body, said the researchers.
Karen Wakefield appeared in BBC documentary 'People Like Us'
She took her daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to Turkey.
The 13-year-old missed six days of lessons at the start of the new school year.
Mrs Wakefield and her partner Paul could face three months in jail.
She has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines.
But she claims she and her husband have been told they could be jailed for three months.
Amal Clooney, 37, appeared before reporters at the National Press Club in Washington Thursday.
She is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed Maldivian ex-President Mohamed Nasheed.
Nasheed was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison.
The case against the president, who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup, stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago.
The 18-year-old is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target.
His family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday.
In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
The Belgian midfielder has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
De Bruyne joined Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster at a spring break party in Florida.
The privately-educated student has been expelled from the University of Mississippi and submitted for mental health tests.
His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr, who was the Democratic candidate in Mississippi's 2007 gubernatorial elections, and mother Angel Eaves told the press: 'Let everyone please be assured that we do not take the subject of animal cruelty lightly'
Neymar was substituted in Barcelona's 2-2 La Liga draw at Sevilla.
Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to being substituted.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Project Elysium could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
The technology is still under development and could be used to help provide social interactions for people living alone and even help recreate the personalities of people after they have died.
It has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
To be eligible for the jam's grand prize, the team have to showcase more screenshots by April 27, followed by video footage the week after.
Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.
Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes.
Honest harnesses the power of 'collective intelligence', a buzz phrase coined by Facebook founder Mark Zukerberg about the future of the Internet.
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £28,000 over two years.
He was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence.
Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
He said Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes.
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue.
He dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.
The video was filmed at her cousin Albert's house to celebrate a new veranda Mr Garginian had just helped to build.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday.
The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said.
Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton.
The 18-year-old has just a cut on the nose to show for the fall.
Ferguson’s spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Eddie Howe expects Bournemouth fans to inspire him to win promotion.
Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday.
Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night.
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Saturday's home game.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has received more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he is'shocked' by the level of online abuse.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes has called for a crackdown on racism.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season.
The 27-year-old made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice.
However, the point guard was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
Curry has been virtually flawless for Steve Kerr's side this season.
The girl, who attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California, is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service.
The posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages.
One says: 'That smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears'
Detectives believe the threats originate from other school children.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University.
She posted picture of herself posing in front of 'no white men' sign on Facebook.
The poster also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match is the opposite of transgender.
Miss Mustafa recently completed an MA in gender and media studies.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital.
He was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his club's NSW cup squad.
Police are looking at CCTV footage at the hotel to establish if any incident inside the club may have prompted the fatal attack.
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat.
A fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets.
'Hot-or-not' videos are so public increases a young person’s feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look.
The 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.
Owner Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with 'an extraordinary appetite'
The kid is healthy and growing quickly - and has become one of the most playful goats on the farm.
Chris Ball, 21, made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family.
He told them not to blame themselves and told them there was nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life.
His family have shared the video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease.
It is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska.
Researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
There is no evidence for smelting, casting, or alloying of metals in the Western Hemisphere north of Mexico prior to the arrival of Europeans.
Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season.
The 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the Championship team.
Manchester City are determined to sign more young English players.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops.
But claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son.
The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies.
The 32-year-old was one of the first people to congratulate Anderson after the Test match had finished.
Botham has always been larger than life and showed huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now.
Louise Smith, 38, was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May.
She planted the hairs and complained to staff but in reality she did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl and pulling two hairs from her head.
Smith denied fraud in February but failed to attend her trial this week so she was convicted in her absence.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan.
But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone.
Her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You's pretty girlfriend by his side forever.
Over months he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday, splashing out on meals for Yan almost every day.
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $300 million.
Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father Floyd's training camp.
She says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
National Union of Teachers to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren.
They want UK to follow Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons.
Motion also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming'
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman.
The Court of Session cleared him to return as a director of the club.
King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom last month.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman.
It was just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC.
Mr Wilman helped revamp Top Gear into the Corporation's most successful programme.
There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster.
May had earlier said the BBC would be'stupid' to try a version of the hit motoring show with 'a surrogate Jeremy', Richard Hammond and himself.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol.
During his Bristol visit, Mr Cameron read a speech.
He said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’ economic policies.
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade.
Consumers are taking advantage of cheaper milk, vegetables and clothes.
Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
Milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in price.
Engineers believe tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants.
They found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos.
This means they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways.
Tampons can glow in ultra-violet (UV) light, because they absorb chemicals found in products containing ‘optical brighteners’ which are used to whiten and brighten colours.
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined.
Benaud's memorial booklet, titled 'Remembering Richie', included a few words thanking the guests.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town in League One on Saturday.
The media team were faced with sticking up the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel.
They made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 at Goodison Park in their Premier League clash.
Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team.
Ashley Barnes was sent off just before half time for a 'criminal challenge' on Nemanja Matic.
Everton midfielder Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead from the spot.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.
The kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli to discover more of his grandfather, George William Thomson.
Wilkins read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran.
'I was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families,' said Wilkins.
Donald Allen, 66, pointed a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25.
Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun.
The camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost.
It was forensically recovered, but the audio from the bodycam was not.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic.
He raped others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013.
The 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month.
Bosses at Oxford University Hospitals Trust were warned of his predatory behaviour.
In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital.
But the hospital didn't report it to police as there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint.
Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is keen to impress Luis Enrique in the Champions League.
The 22-year-old has failed to make his La Liga debut since joining Barcelona in the summer.
Barcelona face Paris Saint Germain in the quarter-final first leg.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year.
Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure.
2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009.
Adele Adkins has topped the young music rich list again, earning £5million.
The mother-of-one, 26, has double the wealth of her nearest rivals.
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost.
She faces the toughest female competition from Ellie Goulding, 28.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell top the list for another year.
The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane.
The three, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood could not stay still for a moment on the touchline as his players went behind twice.
Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go.
Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival.
Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop Andreas Lubitz.
But the only photograph to have emerged of the pilot of the doomed flight.
The shrine was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy.
It controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot Lubitz, 27.
Mr Lubitz is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 into the mountains killing all of those on board.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended.
They were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
The guards were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally.
Some of the guards compared Muslims to Nazis while others accused companies with Halal-certified products of supporting terrorism.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on April 8.
The Portuguese forward only needed 288 games to reach the figure.
Ronaldo has been presented with a special shirt to mark his achievements.
Real Madrid host Malaga in La Liga on Saturday.
Authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming Go Set a Watchman.
Lee, who lives in an Alabama nursing home, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel.
Officials at the state's Department of Human Resources confirmed Monday that their investigation had been completely closed.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, pleaded guilty on Monday to trying — from behind bars — to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
Silicani rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years.
The anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as Amanda Bailey.
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key during election time last year.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Jackie Grant and Scott Brown, whose company owns Rosie cafe, have spoken about their disappointment with Ms Bailey.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington, Indiana, on Monday.
Her body was found on Friday morning after a night out.
Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder.
Wilson was found fully clothed and there was no sign of sexual assault, police said.
Police traced a cellphone found near Wilson's feet to Messel and investigators found blood in his vehicle.
Messel was sentenced to eight years in prison for battery by means of a deadly weapon and battery resulting in serious bodily injury.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13.
Firefighters made the grim discovery of her body in Ifield, West Sussex.
Police have released video stills and footage of her last movements.
The German student died of smoke inhalation, according to police.
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters this week.
The South African legend is withering in his contempt of those who say McIlroy's fitness is 'bulking up' too much in the gym.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats.
He compared chefs' corner-cutting to being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline.
Unesco has named France's 'gastronomic meal' a world treasure.
But there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping for some time.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's 2-1 win over QPR.
The Belgium striker has scored eight goals in six games.
Benteke is in the kind of form which could see Tim Sherwood's Villa escape from Premier League relegation.
Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to Roy Keane.
Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers remains confident that Sterling will stay.
Daniel Sturridge is believed to be earning around £150,000 a week.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses.
He owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25million.
But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune.
A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of his winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
Now his beautician ex-wife has now appeared back in court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them.
Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party.
Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott deny any association with UKIP.
Adam Lyth, a member of the England squad in West Indies, says he will not be voting in the General Election.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in ad for Jacamo in Palma, Majorca.
Personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37.
Ad sees them model latest collection of clothing for brand's summer campaign.
Jacamo caters to men who are 'extra tall' and 'extra broad'
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.
Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
Town and Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
New antibody injection could 'wipe out advanced cancer' by rooting out and obliterating tumours, scientists have revealed.
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force' by Stanford University School of Medicine.
It raises hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system.
They bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue - in this case the tumour - and through the use of signalling cells, alert T-cells, that act like the
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, killed in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
Was King of Clubs in infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam's regime after its collapse.
Morgan Stanley said prospect of Labour government would create 'greatest uncertainty' of any election result.
Its inevitable 'anti-austerity' agenda could lead to an 'earlier bank rate hike'
Goldman Sachs also raised concerns about the same outcome on May 7.
It said Labour would be 'dragged to the Left' by the SNP.
Blake, 27, gave birth to daughter James three months ago.
She has been promoting her new movie, Age Of Adaline.
Says losing weight hasn't been a priority.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Fans are planning to wear orange to show their support for Ronald Koeman.
Pochettino left Saints for Spurs last year.
The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years.
Critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
Under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s, as they quickly climbed the rungs of the career ladder.
James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire.
The Australia World Cup winner will replace Peter Siddle.
Faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat New Zealand.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10 and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Hermes Birkin bag comes embellished with rubies.
It is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store.
Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the brand.
Models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal.
Items include underwear and a chain-mail style shirt worth around £40,000.
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history.
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren this summer.
Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival.
Derby boss McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle.
Elijah McCrae died in his mother's arms on Monday evening.
His parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son.
Elijah suffered from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy'
The list included plans to take a road trip to Queensland to watch the sunrise, and visits to Sydney's aquarium and Opera House.
Micah Richards joined Fiorentina on loan from Manchester City.
The 26-year-old's contract at City expires at the end of the season.
Richards will be on the move again this summer.
Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are interested.
Putin said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services.
He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia.
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday.
Her England team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box.
Instead of ordering a retake, a rising German referee, Marija Kurtes made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick.
The match will be replayed from the minute the penalty was awarded to the Football Association at the European Women's Under-19 Championship.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender.
The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults.
Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens, said Max Disposti, the group's executive director.
Jonathan Trott returned to the international scene on Saturday.
Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket.
Trott dramatically left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match.
Leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life.
The restaurant critic and festival curator moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival.
He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
'I think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. I just started to fall apart,' he said.
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30.
This increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer.
Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism.
If the father is over 45, there is a threefold increased risk of eye cancer.
Firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset.
Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed.
Thousands of animals are feared to have been wiped out by the blaze after yesterday's strong winds of up to 45mph, coupled with bone dry ground thanks to a lack of rain.
Two schoolboys have been arrested for the arson attack that devastated the sensitive heathland.
Sri Lanka is high on lists of places to visit in 2015.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean.
The island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday.
For that prize, valued at $30,000, Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify.
Sam is not the only winner going home empty handed either, as under NCAA guidelines college athletes cannot accept any forms of payment or gifts.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr.
The so-called 'The Nation's Fist' not only wrote the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' but also sang and directed the music video.
'I will fight the world with my life at stake. I will fight for all Filipino,' he said.
Everton face Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's player reminds him of his Wigan side.
The Toffees remain two points from safety in the Premier League.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24 people and costs from £450 per night on Holiday Lettingsand more details can be found on the website.
Jacqueline Martin, 37, sourced the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest, finding trinkets in junk sales, or getting her family to help make bespoke items.
The house currently holds a perfect 5/5 score on TripAdvisor with many customers singing its praises.
Paul Nuttall appeared in Ukip's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses.
He was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and Reformers’
The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
Ukip deputy leader joked about the allegations, insisting he just had 'two copies of every book'
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow.
They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression.
Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise.
Bobby Zamora scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom.
Charlie Austin headed the visitors' second goal of the game on the 35th minute.
Eduardo Vargas put QPR into the lead with a 25-yard strike from 25 yards.
Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the match.
Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton.
Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indiana on Monday.
World No 5 was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt in the stands.
The pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game.
It took place at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.
Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
The settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by Ministry of Defence as a result of bullying.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice.
The problem is partly caused by immune system 'B-cells' that put a brake on the body's defences in prostate and other cancers.
Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred.
First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
The vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, New Jersey, when the ceiling collapsed.
Thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
MPs in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health.
It is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate.
Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls.
A man and woman have been charged over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
The dogs were killed before a Four Corners special exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled Sydney's east and west on ANZAC Day.
The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone.
This type of storm has always occurred in Australia, passing through every few years, however changes to the frequency and intensity are possible due to climate change.
Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after they were damaged by the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews still working to assess damage.
A woman also had to be rescued from her car after she
Glenn Roeder is now part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday.
Roeder and former Hull chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League.
The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to 'strongly disagree'
Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company.
When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers, they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later.
The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours per year.
The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Deborah Kane, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago.
The 46-year-old had nine-hour operation to stop cancer spreading to brain.
She believes cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote.
Debbie, who recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming TV show called ‘Fake Britain’, says: 'I want to warn other women of the dangers of buying cheap sunglasses'
Alexis Sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season for Arsenal.
The Chile forward was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer.
Arsene Wenger is delighted that Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month.
Those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Michael Vaughan has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the job.
The former England captain earns close to £1million a year.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14.
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, shutting down production.
The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away.
There are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day.
Production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home.
Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire.
She came across a bike lying across the middle of the road.
A man waiting at a bus shelter came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle.
The man then hurled abuse at the girl, before walking up to her car.
He smashed the bottle against her window, causing glass to shatter all over her.
Her family have now released shocking photos which show the extent of her injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.
The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia.
Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events.
They believe the boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack.
The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri.
The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Nasri to leave.
Manuel Pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following Sunday's 4-2 defeat by neighbours Manchester United.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton, Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days.
She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was in hospital.
Her favorite nurse came on shift and decided to surprise her.
Bailey got up and stood on her own for the first time and hugged her.
Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather.
Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states.
The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne.
The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.
A woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms.
The woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east.
She was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30pm and did not suffer any injuries.
It was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm.
Olivier Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday.
Giroud believes Arsenal will continue to improve and challenge Chelsea.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over.
The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
Palace face Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January.
The fast-casual chain only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones.
Chipotle says that supply constraints were behind 6.3 per cent price increases last year.
Video posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa on Facebook has been watched more than three million times.
In the video a young woman can be seen sucking on to the tube before removing it to reveal her new pout... made of crisps.
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions.
It involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns.
The $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers.
A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December.
This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home.
And in London, a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.
One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette.
After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning in a white and blue dress.
She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come and meet them.
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of assuming Billy Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence.
Mr Katter, federal MP for Kennedy, is of Lebanese descent.
He said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past.
The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with some users questioning his terminology.
JB Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open.
Overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on the course.
Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out to earn a place.
Holmes finished the day on a seven-under 29 to tie the course record.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways.
He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
The American admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford holding company.
Paladini is the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade.
The former QPR chairman has been searching for a way back into football.
He has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to Manchester City about the way forward.
Toure's days at the Etihad Stadium may be numbered.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost 16st.
Had gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago which caused stomach to shrink.
Father-of-three was struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes.
Decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st.
Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal weighs in at a huge 12.5 kilos (26lbs)
Shake n Make Ice Cream Maker is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution.
In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.
The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone.
Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the quarter-final of the Champions League.
Edinson Cavani has scored six goals in eight Champions League appearances.
PSG have been stripped by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti.
Cavani has endured a significant goal drought for one of his talents.
Tryster won the Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield.
The four-year-old beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble.
Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from the Winter Derby winner.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words.
The program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
In February he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate.
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets.
They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters.
The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
Holly Leonard, who was homeless and had spent time in prison, now has a house.
She found the advert on Craigslist using a Nexus 5 phone she was given.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team.
The Arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996.
Wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match.
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby.
Trackside TV presntor Adian Rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations.
When Khan and Bosson finish victorious, he cannot contain himself, erupting into fist-pumping celebrations and bolting off camera.
The winning duo will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
To top it off, airfares and concert tickets to the Elvis Experience theater show will also be thrown in.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009.
It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, source said.
Further delays to inquiry will fuel claims those criticised are trying to bury bad news.
Tony Blair is expected to come under intense scrutiny for sanctioning the ill-fated invasion.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess.
Arsenal will take on Reading as Chelsea take on Manchester United.
Wenger has branded the 'circus' around Jurgen Klopp's resignation as 'ridiculous'
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page.
It shows a silver car on the side of the road laden down with a vast amount of large red chillies.
The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence.
NSW Police also shared the image with the caption 'The heat is on' leading many to question what the car owner's offence actually was.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.
Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook.
Andrea Yates was convicted of murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
But she was found not guilty by reason of insanity in 2006 and moved to mental hospital.
Her ex-husband, Russell 'Rusty' Yates, has since remarried and has a son.
He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness'
Mr Yates said: 'They just take her and put her on public display'
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England.
The England batsman was forced to quit the last Ashes tour.
Trott believes his Brisbane breakdown was the culmination of problems that were eventually successfully diagnosed as situational anxiety.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4 6- 4 in an hour and 42 minutes.
The world No 4 is through to Sunday's final of the Miami Open.
Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final.
It will be Murray's first Masters level final since he won the title two years ago.
Experts believe Molalla Log Cabin was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean.
The cabin's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years.
They believe it could have been used by a small settlement of Russians sent to the Willamette Valley as farmers to feed fur traders in Alaska.
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night.
Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1.
The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final win.
Grealish wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
Detlef Guenzel, 57, chopped Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces.
He buried them in the garden of his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau.
Mahendra Bavishi said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business.
He said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
Mr Bavishi, 69, also told of his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault while the gang were forcing their way into 72 safe deposit boxes.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday.
The Irishman rode Don Cossack to victory.
McCoy is preparing for his final Grand National on Saturday.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry.
It is thought the men boarded the lorry in Belgium before crossing the channel.
Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade.
Pacquiao spent the early part of his career boxing in the Far East before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001.
He left home aged 14 to move to the Philippines capital Manila to pursue his career in the sport which has made him an icon.
Boxing fans have already begun pouring into Las Vegas to taste the atmosphere building around the richest fight in history.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
The race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, who has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Mr Rahman denies those charges.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997.
The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma.
Her husband, Nigel, told an inquest that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s.
Post-mortem found a large tumour in her right lung.
Mr Barnett and his family believe asbestos in the school is to blame for her death.
They are now taking legal action against the local council.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima.
The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens.
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Fukushima nuclear disaster was a failure at the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant on 11 March 2011.
It was caused when three of the plant’s six nuclear reactors went into meltdown and releasing radioactive materials.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God.
He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree.
Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana, is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from.
Atletico's Mario Mandzukic has recovered from an ankle problem and is set to play.
Cristiano Ronaldo will be hoping to add to his tally of eight Champions League goals.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week.
Style blogger Hass Murad and PR maven Roxy Jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me's this week at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney.
Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Pixie Curtis was the youngest attendee at Toni Maticevski's Spring/Summer 2015-2016 Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia show on Tuesday.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21, after his car was found abandoned.
The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday.
His family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court.
He was told he faces jail after conning a bank into giving him the money for it.
The married father-of-two splashed out almost £1million to complete the six- bedroomed eco house.
Chloe Hyart, nine, was raped and murdered by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38.
She was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart.
Her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week.
Mourners gathered at St Peter's in northern France today to pay tribute.
Huge screens had been erected outside the church for mourners.
In court Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was charged.
Kadeem Brown, 25, was hit by a cab in the Bronx, New York.
He slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop.
His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark, 5, who was waiting.
Police say Emilo Garcia, 44, suffered a seizure moments before crash.
Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but not charged.
Synesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the Fisher-Price set can exceed 15 per cent.
Researchers from the Department of Psychology at Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters.
Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's semi-final win over Celtic.
The 30-year-old also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands and companies for their ongoing exploitation of overseas workers.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara.
The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
None of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage.
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Aston Villa on Sunday.
The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving his three-match ban for seeing red against Manchester United last month.
Gerrard last lifted FA Cup in 2006 at the Millennium Stadium.
Brendan Rodgers has used Gerrard sparingly so far this season.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen.
He said the sickening footage shows at least three men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a 19-year-old girl.
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance for the second time.
She had baby Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday.
Her second little boy came along on the A47 in Norfolk two years ago.
Mrs Maddox had her first child Reuben in exactly the same way.
David Cameron will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on same side'
He will show SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of Commons.
SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Labour and SNP have ruled out formal coalition but refused to do same for looser arrangement.
Jose Mourinho believes the Ballon d'Or should be scrapped.
The Chelsea manager has sided with Arsene Wenger.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy.
Lionel Messi has previously won the compeition three times.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday.
Frank McLintock says Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear.
The Scottish defender made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
McLintock believes the Gunners need to raise their expectations.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey.
Rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York.
The UFC has approved a bill to legalize and regulate the combat sport.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013.
Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with sniffer dog at flat.
Oliver-christie today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs.
He was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning blind eye' to drug dealing.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her.
But a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court cleared him of rape and sexual assault.
Leheup appeared emotional after he was cleared of the charges.
Study uncovered link between belief in God and societal characteristics.
Scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
UK is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a new survey.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf.
Glaciers in the Amundsen Sea of west Antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Scientists are hoping to combine images such as this with noises recorded from icebergs to detect the different ways that glaciers lose ice into the oceans.
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to a leading research body.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years.
Climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °C a decade.
Warm water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore, the trust said.
Volunteers will live, work and sleep on Silurian research ship for up to 12 days.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered Glynis Bensley, 47, as she walked home in Smethwick.
CCTV footage shows him stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint.
His co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars.
Kurti boasted about the savage attack and boasted about it afterwards.
Judge John Warner said the boy had been 'running wild' in his home life.
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday.
They were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights.
Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in food cook-off.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb and wore dress size 26.
She was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters.
A fairground worker told the mother-of-two: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt'
She joined Weight Watchers and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
After just 12 months, Denise has shed half her bodyweight.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.
The result was a solar-powered two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in Nelson, New Zealand.
Jasper and Jasmine will be'married' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria.
Both dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.
Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion, a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes.
Their new owners noticed a great bond between the dogs and always
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first head transplant.
He says he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union.
Valery Spiridonov, 30, has volunteered to be a guinea pig, knowing the risks.
But critics say Dr Canavero's plans are a fantasy.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across Cardiff.
They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life.
Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
As the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high.
The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD.
All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria.
Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents.
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker.
The pair were too drunk to remember what they had done at Stansted Airport.
Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack.
He was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment.
Ella Henderson, 19, has been revealed as the face of Batiste.
The X Factor finalist has been announced as the official face of the brand's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign.
This will mark the star's first brand collaboration.
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex.
Girl suffered single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident.
Police are hunting owner of 'Staffy-type' dog after attack.
Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred.
Two children, 13 and nine years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel.
Shahnawedaz, bleeding heavily, was rushed to the nearby Lok Nayak Jaiprakash Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by.
Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
She said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest.
Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph.
Prosecutors allege Walters deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse.
Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
Stacey Eden stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train.
The 23-year-old Sydney resident's furious stand against racism has spread around the world.
A fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for Ms Eden.
New South Wales police are investigating the train incident.
Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
He was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
The former West Coast Eagles captain has not been charged over those incidents.
Cousins, 36, has a history of substance abuse.
The advert for Protein World has been put up in a number of London Underground stations.
It features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
But the campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users.
Some of the posters have been defaced, with some even being defaced.
Katie Hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to make their 100th Premier League appearance.
Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London.
Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Eritrean refugees Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, made perilous journey across Mediterranean to escape beheading from Islamic State fanatics.
They arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from Libya.
Haben said his friends had been shot dead by armed ISIS terrorists who patrol the anarchy-ridden towns and beaches of the North African state.
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
CCTV footage of the violent altercation between Barry Lyttle and his brother, Patrick, has been released for the first time.
Barry Lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court on Thursday.
He could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit.
35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP.
The economy and the NHS were the most frequently mentioned issues.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system'
The 'cuddle chair' looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest.
It could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too.
The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia.
It is a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Professor George Lewith says it is produced safely and at the optimum dose.
Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five strokes.
Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke.
The 21-year-old shot a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts.
His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted.
The charges, filed in October 2014, came after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013.
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure.
The Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million)
Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned as International Cricket Council president.
Kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh's World Cup defeat to India.
ICC clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for Kamal.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s.
It eventually was home to more than 7,500 people, but has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray.
Despite its chequered past, preservationists are arguing that it should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing.
Demolition work recently began on the French Renaissance-style building but they are still working to save the building and the years of history contained within its walls.
American folk singer Woody Guthrie was committed in 1956
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the Commons.
Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support.
Ed Miliband has ruled out going into Coalition with SNP.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman.
He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
The brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach.
Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video.
Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack.
He said being given the warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life.
Presenter said show about cars had come to dominate his life after divorce.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans.
Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
The study also found that older drivers were more likely to make a texting and driving mistake than a younger driver.
Graziano Pelle was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce could not believe the Southampton striker remained on the field.
Pelle went on to score his first Premier League goal since December 20.
James Ward-Prowse put the home side in front, coming on at half-time to convert a penalty.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty.
She failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship.
Doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying.
Archbishop of Canterbury calls on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance.
He said the dead were'martyrs' in wake of slaughter of Christian students in Kenya.
Dr Welby said killing of Christians over past year had been a 'wicked' development.
Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
She said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be.
The images were captured throughout the house including the living room, at her family's kitchen table, in a bathroom and in bedrooms.
Marcus will present a selection of images from a video installation on May 8, 2015 at Arnika Dawkins Gallery in Atlanta.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury.
Footage shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards.
Spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff.
The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne.
Cortez Berry, 18, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.
The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Berry was transferred to the notoriously violent Smith State Prison, sparking an outrage among his relatives.
Two Burruss inmates involved in the photo incident were also removed from Burruss
Lib Dem leader says Nigel Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out'
Mr Clegg warns the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Cameron issued an appeal to people planning to vote UKIP to instead support the Tories in an attempt to block a 'toxic tie-up' between Laabiur and the SNP.
Philipp Lahm spoke to Owen Hargreaves as part of a special documentary.
Lahm is currently gearing up to take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final.
The World Cup winner is one of the most decorated and accomplished players in modern football.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance.
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.
An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes.
Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned.
Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
North East Ambulance Service admitted delay was initially due to call handler error.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and married again in 2013.
But he began affair with second wife Philippa while they were trying for a baby.
He later cut umbilical cord and told first wife he had to leave with police.
Michelle uncovered deception when she saw footage of him completing ice bucket challenge.
O’Clee jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court.
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs.
They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
Group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple.
Then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Images of the horrific murder emerged on social media this afternoon.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
The filmer later revealed that the injury required a total of seven stitches.
Window cleaners were working at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre.
The platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly.
At least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact.
Authorities said they were investigating the incident.
Shane Ferguson was sent north by Newcastle United on the final day of the January transfer window.
The on-loan Newcastle winger has been out injured since joining the club.
Stuart McCall confident Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers' play-off bid.
Gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury.
Shoshana Hebshi, of Sylvania, Ohio, was strip-searched at Detroit Metropolitan Airport on the 10th anniversary of 9/11.
She was seated next to two Indian-American men, whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane's bathroom.
Hebshi was held for hours before being released.
Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian.
The 57-year-old woman's SUV was pushed nearly a quarter-mile.
Amtrak spokeswoman Vernae Graham said there were no injuries among the 51 passengers and crew.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test.
Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud.
The players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans.
Five teenagers were arrested in pre-dawn raids in Melbourne's south-east.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday.
Another 18-year-old, from Hampton Park, is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act.
Mr Abbott said there would be a strong police presence across Australia nonetheless.
Robert Durst, 72, faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case.
He was arrested at a hotel in the New Orleans capital in March.
Authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room.
Defense attorney Dick DeGuerin said state and federal prosecutors had been discussing the possibility of the state case being dismissed.
John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday.
The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden for questioning over sexual assault charges.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014.
Degrafreed was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence.
He was arrested and charged in 1994 with murder, two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of Daniel Morcombe in 2014.
He received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003.
His lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal.
Cowell's barrister, Peter Davis, said Mr Carmody had met with Bravehearts founder Hetty Johnson shared an email, in which she referred to him as 'Tim' and included a smiley face.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at this summer's tournament.
But Kenny Dalglish says he should not go to the Under-21s.
Kane showed against Italy that he can cope with playing against some of the world's best defenders.
The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'
Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account.
She reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend.
Others have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced.
Laura Robson used an ice bath as a means of cooling down in the Florida heat.
The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open.
Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina.
Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot.
She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
The man who gave her a ride back that day was never found.
Police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight.
The fight took place in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
The illicit drugs were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic.
Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC.
BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of Top Gear.
But the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows.
Clarkson, 54, is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit next year.
Purelyfootball.com report that the away kit will feature three grey stripes.
The big change will be the introduction of the FIFA Club World Cup badge in the centre of the kit to celebrate Real's global success this season.
Boy, 13, allegedly stole $25,000 from his grandfather and handed out wads of notes to school friends.
He then went to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash.
The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway.
Police have recovered some $7,000 of the man's savings.
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at Liverpool.
Paul Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week.
Sterling says he wants to win trophies in his career.
Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.
William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana.
He spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
Swansea City host Everton at St Mary's (12.45pm)
Southampton host Hull City (3pm) Sunderland vs Crystal Palace.
West Bromwich Albion host Leicester City at 3pm.
Burnley vs Arsenal at Arsenal (5.30pm)
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference.
But they are vulnerable against Liverpool and Aston Villa.
Pep Guardiola is likely to leave City in 2016.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014.
A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder.
The day was bittersweet, with some exchanging long hugs, but organizers said they agreed with Sanchez's mother, Donna Cimarelli, that the community did not need another vigil.
Martin Montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the training ground.
The ball sails high in the air seemingly in the direction of no one while players look on.
Barcelona travel to Seville on Saturday, hoping to stretch their current winning run into double figures.
Cressida Bonas, 26, has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador.
The actress and dancer, from Clerkenwell, London, models spring/summer 2015 range.
Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida shows off her moves as she pulls poses.
She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner.
He was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week.
Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
57% of adults in the UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week.
Of those 53% are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year.
Aldi and Lidl are attracting increasing numbers of middle class shoppers.
Last week Aldi's growing share of the grocery market saw it overtake Waitrose to become Britain's sixth biggest supermarket.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday.
Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks.
Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansea.
Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
Ukip source revealed party had initially planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis.
But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead.
Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month.
The 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton.
Bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
He is the Championship's Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan from Chelsea.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force.
He will spend time with the elite SAS and Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory.
If he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment.
The prince will join diggers on urban training exercises and bush patrols as well as pack marches and physical training.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
Ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity.
The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37.
He then shot dead judge Fernando Ciampi in revenge 'against those that ruined me'
Fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries.
Several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack.
Police described the police who had chased down and arrested the man as heroic.
Jesse O'Brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis.
His mother Heidi, 37, took the video to encourage him to take the drugs.
The video has had more than one million hits in just a week.
Jesse, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, is seen taking nine out of his daily dose.
'I've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says Jesse.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness.
It involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes.
The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation.
There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
She ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day.
The mother-of-one maintained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term.
Yulia moved to Bali in 2009 with her husband to set up a healthy life-coaching business.
In June 2013, she fell pregnant, and in April the following year, the proud parents welcomed little Elanie into the world.
Toulon were reduced to 14 men when Ali Williams was sin-binned.
Bryan Habana scored the crucial points while he was off the field.
Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu, Hawaii, Friday afternoon.
Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered her unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka.
Feliciano was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries
Maria Sharapova was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber.
The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.
World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
Nico Rosberg has claimed Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him.
The German won the Chinese Grand Prix but came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose.
Damon Hill believes that Rosberg shot himself in the foot following his outburst about his Mercedes team-mate.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories.
Just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9per cent under current Coalition.
Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne.
Survey of FTSE 100 bosses showed 70 per cent believe a Labour government under Mr Miliband would be a ‘catastrophe’ for the economy.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning.
She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge.
Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge.
A body was recovered on Wednesday - five days after she vanished.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report.
The 22-year-old was found unconscious on January 31 at Emory University Hospital in Decatur, Georgia.
Bobby recently claimed at his concert last Saturday that his daughter was 'awake'
Her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.
It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)
Using Met Office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports.
If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Currently, the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists.
Each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country, such as London and South East England, but there are
Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday.
Only Sen. Ted Cruz, the tea party darling, is already in the race and consuming precious news-cycle oxygen.
Paul will launch his campaign Tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream'
Paul's uber-libertarian father, former Texas Rep. Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season.
The 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic.
Coquelin played against Reading in the FA Cup semi-final last weekend.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods.
The 33-year-old was released after being interviewed by Metropolitan Police.
Dossena signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year.
He has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments'
His lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences on Monday.
Rezaian was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released.
Iran's Foreign Minister said the allegations against her client 'had no link' with the nuclear talks.
Tony Hunt's daughter's cat was hit by a police car near his home.
But instead of explaining what had happened, the officers knocked on a neighbour's door.
Witnesses described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'
Mr Hunt spent two days putting up 'lost cat' posters in his area.
Incredibly, when he contacted police, officers coldly told him Harry had been 'disposed of'
The incident is now being investigated by Derbyshire Police’s Professional Standards Department.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are fourth in the Premier League table.
Pablo Zabaleta admits City are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
Alex Perry will not be presenting at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia this week.
The designer is taking a break from the runway to focus on international ventures.
Perry says Kym Ellery is one of his favourite designers.
He says the Australian market is so diverse, anything could happen.
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding second independence vote in next few years.
But she said she would not call for another plebiscite in SNP manifesto for Westminster.
She said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she can influence policies of a Labour government and keep it 'honest'
Miss Sturgeon was accused of holding Britain to 'ransom' after saying she was 'offering to make Ed Miliband prime minister'
But Labour leader Jim Murphy said: 'Nicola, we don't need your help'
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea.
He was held in a cell for 11 hours and bailed at 7pm as police continue investigation.
It comes after Westbrook, 41, made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her.
The pair split in November after spending months together in California.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.
Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing.
Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class.
The brunette immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed.
Coleen Rooney and Nadine Coyle have joined forces with Race For Life.
The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover.
They hope the shots will encourage women from across the UK to join the female-only event.
Naturalists In Paradise tells the story of a trio of young British explorers.
Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon.
The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region, and a distinguished career writing about it.
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch.
Clarke was furious guest speaker Ehsan Mani's 'disgraceful' address.
Sky Sports have refused to allow Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown on April 25.
Clare Balding is snubbing the Grand National to present the women’s Boat Race on BBC.
Paul McGowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order.
The 27-year-old will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic.
McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
He was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in January 2014 after admitting kicking two officers.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down as he went to work in Guatemala City.
He was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha members opened fire.
Two AK-47s and two grenades were found in the suspected attackers' van.
A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill him.
Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans.
The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar had made her money'showering in a bikini'
Elton, who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair, told supporters he was 'back with Labour'
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion.
She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help.
People suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves.
Ms Fernando's'shocking' suggestion was slammed by the Deputy Prime Minister.
Sons of fathers with criminal record for sex offending nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line, experts claim.
Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women, while Jimmy Savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
The findings show 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic.
A series of unpublished love letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000.
During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York.
Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance.
George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas.
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
He is a fan of Associated Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour 250 events and lives in the Houston Area with his wife Barbara.
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest.
The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
Walker has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table.
Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly.
The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals next week.
The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule.
She will be part of the Russian team facing Germany on April 18-19.
Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed when light aircraft crashed.
Small plane crashed in Punta Cana region of Caribbean island at 8.15am.
Plane was en route to Samana Peninsula off north coast with six passengers.
Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain.
Pilot of Piper PA-32 was apparently attempting to make emergency landing.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, said her bigamist husband's 'extraordinary lies' were like something from a John Grisham thriller.
Andrew O’Clee secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away.
He went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while Michelle was pregnant with their first child.
President Milos Zeman has been criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow.
Czech prime minister Bohuslav Sobotka said the reaction of President Zeman was not adequate.
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored six from six in the Champions League.
Suarez's relationship with Lionel Messi has blossomed in recent months.
Barcelona are within two games of the Berlin final on June 6.
Home Secretary Theresa May said Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe.
Under the proposals, unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support.
They would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving.
For those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the UK for four years.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work.
She said single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Tony Little, head at Eton College, has previously said that single sex schools allow children to retain their 'innocence'
Robert O'Neill will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
Attendees were contacted by the right-leaning For America non-profit and told to write back by May 10 for a chance to open fire alongside him.
For their substantial donation, guests will be put up in the Amangani Resort Hotel, a sprawling luxury complex perched in the Rocky Mountains.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney in Nottingham last month.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever.
He received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.
The wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia.
Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration.
Picking the right one - that isn't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial.
In response to extra demand, many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather.
Mario Balotelli is set to leave Sampdoria at the end of the season.
The Italian striker has only scored once in the Premier League.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says the 24-year-old has lost his hunger.
Ferrero said the Italian should be put on a diet of bread and water.
Joanna Flynn, 50, charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off patient's life support without permission.
Former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, Canada, also charged with criminal negligence causing death.
The mother of two died at the hospital on March 2, 2014, leaving the couple's two young sons aged 15 and 18.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.
When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up.
Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved.
She saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Real Madrid face rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Co looked in a relaxed mood as they trained.
Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates.
Atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School in Hebei Province in central China has installed metal bars on all balconies after two pupils committed suicide in six months.
Web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building.
Two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in March.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.
The Hammers have lost six of their last eight games.
UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City last summer.
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School have developed a device that clips onto the camera of a smartphone.
The device uses microbeads that specifically target molecules that sit on the surface of cancer cells.
When clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample.
They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in in the image if clumped together.
Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948.
A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable.
The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret
Sunderland are 15th and Leicester are 20th in the Premier League.
Aston Villa are 16th on 29 points after drawing 3-3 with Queens Park Rangers.
Hull are 17th on 28 points with seven games remaining.
QPR are 18th on 26 points and have a goal difference six better than QPR's.
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at top of Serie A.
Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Inter Milan held to 1-1 draw by rock-bottom Parma at home to Parma.
Girl was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked.
She is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in Namtsy, Siberia.
Circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the incident.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer.
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012.
Monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples.
She is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details.
Bloggers have questioned that assertion, demanding medical evidence for her claims and questioning her understanding of her radiation treatment.
Ms Fox is seeking a trusted independent investigator to examine her claims.
Marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, Tennessee, was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage.
She was unable to get out of bed and had to have gastric bypass surgery.
Her weight spiraled out of control after she tried to break up with her boyfriend who 'lost it' and proceeded to kidnap her.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at televised leaders' debate.
He attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in UK.
Ed Miliband said his comments were 'disgusting' and Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form'
Ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had 'overwhelming support' of British public.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Franz Beckenbauer criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots'
The German legend was speaking in New York as part of Bayern Munich's new media agreement with MSN.
Prime Minister David Cameron said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays' in the UK.
He hailed the Church as a 'living active force doing great works' for the poor and homeless.
Comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be'
The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, has condemned certain welfare reforms.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO'
The more 'popular' and relevant an image is, the higher up the ranks it will move.
Several high-powered women have re-tweeted the results of the search.
Anna and Indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs.
They use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten.
Zane Jones, 32, and his partner Caitlin Ollier, 26, have owned the dogs.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
The Italian striker came on as a second-half substitute against Newcastle.
Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex.
Flooded kitchen, dumped TV in bath filled with water and slashed sofas.
Stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet.
Police have described it as the worst case of'mindless destruction' they have ever witnessed.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case.
Karabatic and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match.
The trial will likely take place within months.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final should he beat John Isner.
Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin.
Servin shot Rekia Boyd, 22, in the back of the head in March 2012.
Boyd's brother Martinez Sutton screamed: 'This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Porter told loved ones to leave the courtroom before verdict was read out.
He said: 'I always maintained it was an accident what occurred to Miss Boyd'
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting.
This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan.
Hinckley currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia.
He shot Reagan and three others, including White House press secretary James Brady, in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster.
The Block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look.
Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family.
Twiggy, 65, models summer range for M&S.
Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on catwalks this season.
Says she has never had cosmetic surgery.
Marco Rubio told Face the Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference.
But he insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right.
The Florida Senator said he would attend the wedding of someone he 'cared' for.
Last week he said he wouldn't stop loving someone if they were divorced.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol.
She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid it.
The body lay undiscovered for three days before being found in a suitcase.
Martins was acquitted of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Jon Czerniecki serendipitously captured the encounter after setting up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done, but he claims they're unwilling to help.
Wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity.
Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos found the LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina.
In extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration.
Modern LED screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
This matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic Ocean.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
United Launch Alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named 'Vulcan' in 2019.
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
The technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
This lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
Its latest marketing campaign has been designed to showcase just how good the cameras are on its iPhone 6 range.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters.
The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
Neil was playing with 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago.
But he has had the last laugh, after he jumped on revelations the TV reporter's boyfriend, Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll, was busted in Las Vegas last week.
Stoll was accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or'molly', into the MGM Grand hotel.
He tweeted the former Dancing With The Stars contestant on Monday saying: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'
Unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by would-be rapist as she closed shop.
She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet.
The restaurant owner used her martial arts skills to overpower him.
He tried to grab her - but had a shock of his own when she used her self-defence skills.
CCTV images show how she pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with messages.
He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down.
When she refused to pay, he set up fake escort website profile on Facebook.
Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February.
Found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Researchers at Stanford University examined reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race.
They found that teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers.
In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students.
The researchers suggest psychological interventions could be used to help change the stereotypes of black students influencing the way teachers treat pupils.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory.
The 91-year-old great-grandmother worked as the only woman in its laboratory between 1943 and 1945.
Drakelow was one of 26 'underground' factories established to allow production lines to continue if the country came under fire.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast.
The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
Police said it was not know why she was in the national park without the car.
Christopher Bailey launched his new Beverley Hills flagship on Thursday.
Over 700 guests attended the event at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles.
The event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive.
Bailey has made Burberry one of the most influential labels in the world.
Blast at Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province, on Monday night.
Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
It was the second explosion to hit the factory in 20 months.
Hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area.
Plant manufactures paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16.
She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, Syria.
Now, she has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State, tweeting picture.
It shows a Western-style takeaway, including fried chicken, chips, pizza.
Amira's dinner companion uses the same profile picture as the 15-year-old.
Earlier this year she tweeted: 'uh wanna behead some kafirs [non-Muslims] now'
Diafra Sakho was forced off after 59 minutes against Stoke City.
The West Ham striker has scored 12 goals this season.
Sam Allardyce's current deal expires at the end of the season.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in Admiralty Arch.
They unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all' and 'better squat than let homes rot'
Banners bearing messages such as'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building.
The protesters are believed to be the same group who took over the former offices of the Institute of Directors on Pall Mall in central London last month.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent.
The League Two side suffered a fourth consecutive defeat on Saturday.
Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference after the 3-0 loss by Oxford.
Supporters demonstrated outside the ground, calling for the manager to leave.
Sam Smith, 22, has dropped three stone over the last year.
He has been following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet.
The singer is now barely recognisable and has been named Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July.
The Blues were knocked out of the Champions League by Arsenal.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points ahead of Arsenal with four games to play.
Chelsea will also face New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Barcelona six days later in Washington.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007.
The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
McEnroe said he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings during Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool.
The midfielder could've seen a straight red after he caught Lucas on the ankle.
Newcastle boss John Carver labelled Sissolo's tackle as 'indefensible'
Carver also said Ayoze Perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by Dejan Lovren.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and Mary Nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at U.S. embassy.
Pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother.
Kelley's case dates back to December 2004 when Mark Nunes was granted custody of daughter Mary, then eight, to take her for treatment for an unspecified illness.
Genevieve refused to hand the girl over, instead taking her to Colorado for a second opinion, where a doctor diagnosed her with acute post traumatic stress disorder.
She then boarded a flight to South America and was not seen again for a decade
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart.
Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C.
Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his support in the event of an alien invasion.
He repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students in 1985.
His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them.
The warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women.
Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
Other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame.
Scientists at University of California, Davis said sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol.
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years.
She found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York.
Her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists, resting on balconies, doing work in offices and gazing out windows.
David Serbeck, 42, was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV.
Campos' daughter and the 17-year-old victim were not the same girl.
In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison.
Manny Pacquiao takes to the mountains ahead of his mega-fight on May 2.
The Filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads.
It is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in Las Vegas.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation.
A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW's central west.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services.
Pickard, America's oldest fine china company, has been in business since 1893.
The china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $367,000.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback.
Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with Manchester United.
The Argentine forward is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted strikers in football.
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the player to challenge for the title of world's best player.
The 23-year-old has been a star since joining Barcelona from Santos two years ago.
Ferguson insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mark Hughes has opened talks over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic.
Bosnian goalkeeper has attracted interest from several top clubs.
Begovic's existing deal runs out next year with Real Madrid.
Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson opened the scoring for Birmingham.
Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
But referee Dean Whitestone waved away appeals for a spot-kick.
Birmingham were denied a penalty on the hour mark.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.
Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Roxy Walsh, 34, found the ring while snorkelling in Bali on April.
She decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner of the gold jewellery.
The Langley's granddaughter, Jade, messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa.
Over 6000 users joined the Facebook page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its' mystery owner.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.
She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to her son.
As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland.
Hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains and two counts of signing false certificates.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford.
She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months.
The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April.
North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Wasps back-row Nathan Hughes.
Andrés Iniesta is renting out his vineyard on Airbnb.
The Barcelona midfielder has listed the property for €125 (£90) a night.
There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property.
Other facilities include a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking provided.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18.
Frampton's promoters have said the fight can only happen if they are co-promoters.
Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring with an appearance on May 30 at the O2 Arena.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station.
They were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport in 2005.
Inquest returned verdicts of accidental death, but safety reports were not disclosed.
Network Rail was convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million over deaths.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Throughout Davion's search for a family, and his years in the system, Connie Bell Going had been by his side - and on Wednesday she officially became his mother.
'This is a special day for a lot of people. This room is a testament to all the lives you
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year.
It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney.
He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states.
With more than 34 million members worldwide, Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website.
Sean Crawford is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art.
He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.
Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore.
His most recent work, Cloak of Remembrance for Anzac Day, will be unveiled on April 25 at the New Zealand Embassy in Washington.
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document.
But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims.
The biblical character, or ‘Yoda’ made his appearance in a collection of papal letters and church decrees in the precious volume, which can be viewed in its entirely online.
No-one is suggesting that the image of Yoda influenced the popular films in any way, but according to Star Wars folklore, Yoda is 900 years old – in the films shot in the late 1970
Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer.
Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking.
Professor Julie Robert said it was 'problematic' that the Prime Minister thought it acceptable to'showcase his masculinity'
Mr Abbott was labelled 'un-Australian' for ordering a light beer during his 2010 campaign.
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson and his wife Lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage as they continued talks on a settlement.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided.
Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed.
That bigamy hearing was put on hold with the annulment announcement.
Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013.
She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach.
Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found.
Review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer.
She is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.
The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide.
Mother-of-two has called on NHS England to reverse their decision.
Petr Cech posted a video via his YouTube channel, playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2.
Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order this season.
The 32-year-old has won three league titles, four FA Cups and the Champions League at Chelsea since joining in 2004.
Signatories warned about 'proliferation of zero-hours contracts'
They claimed they were 'all working people' and showed 'we need a Labour Government to put working people first'
Labour attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders.
But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013.
Philip Gardner, director of Michigan State University's Collegiate Employment Research Institute, told the Associated Press that engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market.
Despite the recent news, in a survey of employers last fall by Michigan State.
University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year.
Jose Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea.
United boss Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho has been criticised for hounding match officials this season.
Official figures report the Blues to be serial offenders.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the National Lottery rich list.
The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall.
Mr Maxwell planning to retire and play bowls while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a losing run of five matches.
Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
QPR are just a point behind 17th-placed Sunderland.
This year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise.
Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites.
David Cameron is said to have watched The Great British Bake Off.
Ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite.
Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
Layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over.
Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim, and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has nearly 70,000 followers on Instagram.
The 27-year-old is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia.
Her feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions.
She moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds.
McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11, as his metaphoric rise in the UFC continues with a shot at the Featherweight World title.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on a Test return for Kevin Pietersen.
Former captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now 'running out of time' to resurrect his Test career.
Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.
He is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
But the five-year-old amazed mother Sara when he took his first steps.
Finley has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school.
Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester.
The 34-year-old was led away by police in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in Cardiff in March.
Muliaina has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter on Instagram.
Barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season.
Rakitic played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared information with an alleged Chinese spy.
Gao, who left her position in February 2014, began working as a contract interpreter in the Office of Language Services in June 2010.
The US attorney's office, who released the affidavit, declined to prosecute, and the FBI has not revealed what they found in a suburban Washington storage facility they searched.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Juan Mata insists his side can be proud of their performance.
Mata was named player of the year two years running.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test.
Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl.
He became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire Steve Davis.
Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping.
The research was carried out in Milan by the charity Medical Detection Dogs.
It involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without.
They found that dog one got it right in 98.7 per cent of cases, while for dog two this was 97.6 per cent.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip.
Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Aston Villa.
Tim Sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from Fabian Delph.
Palermo have not tasted victory away from home since November 2.
The Islanders are in 11th place in Serie A and need to win on Sunday.
Udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of Palermo.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina.
Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia.
The 53-year-old female employee was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage.
She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997.
Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified investigation.
Search has full consent of present landlord who is not connected with investigation.
Michael McIndoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts.
McIndoe dated a string of glamour models, including Helena Fletcher and Emma Frain.
The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun.
The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' McLean is still traumatized by the event.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm.
An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.
Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Germany's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy, it has been argued.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had been treated for psychiatric illness.
Debate has ensued over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots' medical records.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
The left back has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag.
Shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for Manchester United.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship.
Luuk de Jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control.
It is a 22nd league championship for PSV, who are second only to Ajax.
Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral.
Thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple.
The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
One of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray.
The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended.
It was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage.
The cage was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the 10-year-old autistic boy.
ACT Education MInister Joy Burch said it is a horrifying situation.
She said an investigation into the incident is underway.
Inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world, with spectacular views of the Palaia Monemvasia bay.
The caves of Phuktal or Phugtal Monastery in India are located at the entrance to a cave on a cliff face in Ladakh district.
On 64 people reside on Greenland's Isortoq village, which is set in the middle of miles of snow and ice.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight.
Hatton lost to Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012.
Shannon's stable includes Hatton's brother, Matthew, and fighters.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage.
During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
The zoo keeper uses a flat palm to feed the feline, keeping it distracted with constant treats in the form of raw meat.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula before he was jailed by Yemeni officials.
Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards.
Batarfi is among AQAP's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops.
A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday.
Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died.
The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of Berth 73.
Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney.
The models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
This industry first in Australia comes only days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old.
Gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward.
He has represented Spain at every level since under-16s.
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years.
You can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail.
There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis or whatever.
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer.
The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely.
Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June.
An emotional Klopp said he would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end.
The map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre.
The highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela.
Area with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight.
They were believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff wearing their staff lanyards.
The Irish Aviation Authority is investigating the incident.
Passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour.
Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard became good friends at Liverpool.
Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at Atletico Madrid.
The 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club.
He has scored four times since returning to Spain in January.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago.
She says that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
Dawson said that she felt empowered after telling someone she had herpes because it humanized the STI in a way that made it less of a stigma.
Charlotte Blakeway, 17, was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire.
The A-level student had been studying film, performance, English and sociology.
Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer.
She said: 'She had her whole life in front of her, she was a bright, beautiful girl'
Police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious.
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400.
The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
It is in Gignic, and near the town of Brives la Gaillarde and is only a two-hour drive from Bordeaux.
David Cameron was repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1.
Host Chris Smith was accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister.
He offered to bet £1,000 that he would not win a majority on the Live Lounge.
People on Twitter accused the programme of 'leftist hostility' and branded the interview 'appalling'
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France.
He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home.
Mr King is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28.
Police found his body at the bottom of a 12ft well on Wednesday.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG on Saturday.
The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.
Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup.
Clermont's 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints points to a chasm between the English and French leagues.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.
She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial.
'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said.
Hernandez also seems ready to move on now, saying the two year wait since her son was first charged has been the difficult part.
Nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water.
Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take.
Adrian Peterson is to meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement.
The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season.
Peterson was placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
His main bone of contention is said to be with chief operating officer Kevin Warren.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday.
The Manchester City midfielder came on as a substitute against Crystal Palace.
Nasri and Edin Dzeko could be used as bait in a deal to sign Paul Pogba.
A new study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University found a direct link between anxiety and performance.
Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
FEMAIL has enlisted the help of Burlington Danes Academy principal Michael Ribton to offer some sage advice to parents and students.
Here, he offers his essential guide to how to ease the passage of students bound for the exam hall.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford.
The clip looks to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2.
It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart.
A handful of fans of Manuel Pellegrini's side were thrown out by stewards after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute.
Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression.
Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive.
Referee Jonas Eriksson showed Lens a second yellow card in the 40th minute.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Her remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
Police are due to begin an autopsy on Ms Scott's body to determine how she was killed.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with her murder on Thursday.
NSW Police will get
Wilford was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road.
The animal needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
He has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws.
Christian Englander, 30, has thrown a banana peel at a black man for the second time in one week.
He was arrested on Monday for hurling one at Dave Chappelle.
On Thursday, he struck again at a bar.
Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
Auschwitz survivors and relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of Groening.
They spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this 'cog' in the machinery of genocide.
Groening, known as 'The Bookkeeper' for his role in the camp in Nazi-occupied Poland, was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions.
Between May 16 and July 11, 1944
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees.
Slager's mother is expected to visit her son Friday for the first time since the shooting.
She has defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of.
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday.
They were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State.
The men are believed to be still detained in Turkey.
A new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement was struck on Wednesday between Australia and Turkey.
Martin Alvarado Jr, 23, allegedly beat his girlfriend's 18-month-old son to death for urinating on him as he changed the boy's diaper.
He appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly.
The child suffered from multiple blunt force trauma and his death was ruled a homicide.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy on Tuesday.
The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.
Townsend has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs.
The robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention.
It literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body.
JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming.
But he did not reveal how it works.
A high-level ministerial briefing reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling.
The revelation follows widespread public anger at Indonesia's executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan.
It also comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months.
Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014.
Jockey Anthony Roger Bannister, 43, from Adelaide, was charged with allegedly attempting to
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is represented by his father, former England international Mark.
Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management.
Danny Welbeck is looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne.
Liverpool club secretary Stuart Hayton is leaving Anfield after just two seasons following 20 years at Wigan.
Jack Andraka is just 18, yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from Barack Obama.
He was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban Maryland with his elder brother, Luke, and parents, Jane, a nurse, and Steve, a civil engineer.
At school, Jack won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13.
The capybara JoeJoe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram.
Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account.
JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy.
Australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low.
Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
The total value of these profit making resales was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at only $418 million.
Perth and Melbourne also
None* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses.
There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users.
The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text.
It can be completed and has 50 levels, according to people bragging on the App Store that they have completed the None* app.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show.
She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash.
When one of Mr Kyle's famous lie detector tests revealed that Jamie had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7.
Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in the 30s' if they are able to retain a number of closely-fought seats.
First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month.
Married father-of-two will make 4,000-mile trip after raising cash to pay for flights.
He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen.
Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, sued last week, accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter, Mandy.
In November, a Vermont jury awarded a New York family $6.75 million.
Their lawyer said 7-year-old Joshua Drake developed epilepsy after getting Botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy.
The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Benjamin.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen.
The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Liverpool City Council planning committee has given its approval on Tuesday.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'
He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register.
The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her.
But now the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein.
Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein should be'struck from the record'
The judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Roberts’s allegations.
But issued an order that the ‘lurid’ and ‘unnecessary’ claims should not be involved in the Epstein case.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety.
Three men who were arrested in Minneapolis were already known to authorities, according to reports.
The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York in November.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer diagnosis was a lie.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says that Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
Lamble says our social media culture is fuelling unhealthy expectations for young girls but also a way of accessing information that could be misleading.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year.
A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
Secretary of the Immigration Department Michael Pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the Australian National University on Tuesday night.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco.
The van was travelling at such speeds that it carries on travelling some 50 metres down the carriageway before finally grinding to a halt.
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp would be the perfect fit for Bayern.
The 47-year-old won two Bundesliga titles in seven seasons with Dortmund.
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean.
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007.
The agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to start at $3.5 million.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should replace Arsene Wenger with Jurgen Klopp.
Klopp will be available from June and Morgan has long been a critic of Wenger.
Borussia Dortmund have struggled in the Bundesliga.
Morgan insists Klopp can be Arsenal's answer to Jose Mourinho.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook.
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano, who posted it to her Facebook page and described it as 'next-level mean'
The letter spurred Jade to stand up for herself.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah.
He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy.
Mr Miah blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View.
She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again.
Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning.
His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued.
Cousins has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S.
Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament.
The Georgian was found using his phone in the middle of a match.
Nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper.
Tournament organisers announced their decision to expel him on Sunday.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates.
England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill at Lord's.
Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse for six weeks.
He was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud after Cairns detectives made contact with him in the Northern Territory.
Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage.
Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons.
Warburton got Brentford promoted from League One and they have been surprise play-off contenders in The Championship this season.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have tried to immerse themselves in local culture.
Brian Kidd is more Mancunian than Happy dancer Bez drinking a can of Boddingtons.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead in New Haven, Connecticut on Sunday.
He was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials informed him he could no longer pitch for his team.
The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told he had to sit or switch positions.
When his manager sent him out to the mound anyway after the ban, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured.
David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares.
It would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the Thatcher era.
Lloyds shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time.
The proceeds will be used to help pay down the national debt.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace yesterday.
She collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster.
The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
Ms Gemmill was the fifth cyclist killed on London's road this year.
Pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants.
Housing associations responded furiously - with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal'
There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws.
Eighty pocket more than Mr Cameron’s salary of £142,500.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property.
Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood.
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought Audley Street garage in Mayfair for £155million.
He plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex.
New apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats.
VIP neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements as well as nine storeys above the ground.
The complex of affordable housing would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex in 2012.
Citing opposition from neighbors, a spokesman said they did not want to be seen as an 'evil empire'
The project would span 52 acres and cost around $200m.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant.
On Friday, authorities were called after the boy rode a tricycle out of a driveway when he was hit by a car around 6pm.
Witnesses told police Perry tried to drive off but when she was unable to she got out of her Ford pickup truck and walked toward Washougal River Road.
Police dog, Ranger, was able to track her scent near the shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA.
The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades on one of LA's freeways.
Nicolas, 23, is the younger half-brother of Lewis, who suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from South Wales, broke her leg and a bone in her foot.
She was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows.
The family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County.
Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons.
Bent has praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur.
The members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces.
Kurt Cobain, John Lennon, Freddie Mercury and Eddie Van Halen are all visible.
The project was created by men's face product company West Coast Shaving.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of car.
Just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect hole.
But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
Coroner previously ruled that condition of A65 was 'cause of incident'
A YouGov poll confirmed that 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago.
Half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture.
A third said they were listening to ipods and personal music players instead of whistling.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Bromwich Albion.
The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia.
Peace is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
Aston Villa are already in talks with potential buyers.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud.
The Mexican was 10th in the season-opening race in Australia.
Perez finished 13th in Malaysia recently.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services.
It was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves.
The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
They will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo.
Roberto Carlos claims to find coaching'very easy'
The 42-year-old won the 2002 World Cup with Brazil.
Carlos has worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
The former Real Madrid defender is targeting becoming Brazil manager.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row.
Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Officials with Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option.
Awel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles.
The five-year-old is recovering in hospital but remembers the accident.
Her mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday.
She was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
Mr Manyang defended the children's mother earlier on Thursday saying he didn't believe she caused the crash deliberately.
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
The Australian airline slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport.
A Qantas spokesperson said air traffic delays to get into Heathrow are a particular issue.
Listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
They branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’
BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
Tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites.
Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni.
For Scotch eggs, a Fiano complimented the flavours well and for salt and vinegar crisps, a Shiraz Rose was found to be the best match.
Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast.
Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France.
Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for Ospreys and Wales.
About $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota sometime between April 1 and April 7.
The Semen, stolen from Daniel Weness's farm was taken from an unlocked barn.
A $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each.
Police have no suspects.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness.
After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.
Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning.
For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
Jimmy Anderson is on the brink of becoming England's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week.
Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year.
The entire back four started the season as Blues players.
John Terry and Gary Cahill were joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand.
Eden Hazard was in midfield along with club colleague Nemanja Matic, Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez.
Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes for Arsenal's under 21 side.
The England midfielder came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed.
Wilshere was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby, recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively.
Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for Arsenal at the Emirates.
Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California.
She is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel.
The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford.
The Red Devils lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the Masters.
The 39-year-old drilled his club into a tree root on the follow through.
Woods managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
But the American claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night.
She was killed and eight others, including five children, were injured in crash.
Witnesses said that the white BMW M3 sportscar knocked her down.
It then careered head-on into a double decker bus.
The vehicle then span sideways and pinned Miss Shamim against a wall.
A 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
He remains in police custody today.
Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child.
The 26-year-old says being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles.
Rebecca has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy.
Her daughter is due on June 4 and she is planning a water birth.
Pensioner was travelling in First Class on the Boeing 777-300 jet.
She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane landed.
The flight crew alerted the pilot, who put a call in to the Irish Aviation Authority’s North Atlantic Communications Service centre at Ballygirreen in Co Clare.
On touching down at Shannon Airport, the woman was met by Irish police and taken into custody.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship.
Evans takes on Ken Doherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
White will tackle fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener on Saturday.
Davis won six world titles in the 1980s.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children.
But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering.
Miss Simmonds is married to Phillip Davies, the owner of online auction business Flogit4u.
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night.
The incident took place in the hours after the Hawthorn Hawks' narrow eight-point loss.
Clarkson was fined $5000 for abusing umpires on a flight and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire Justin Schmitt’s performance which involved a defeat to Geelong.
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom.
Great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window.
Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played on ITV.
Burglar Martin Campbell, 28, jailed for three years at Portsmouth Crown Court.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
The flight disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board.
 acoustic scientists from Curtin University refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian Ocean.
Despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc approximately 1800 kilometres southwest of Perth, locals from
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez’s mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict.
The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges.
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career.
60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless'
One in five workers admit to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings.
Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in March 2013.
She had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors.
Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family.
Mario Ambarita, 21, clambered into wheel housing of Garuda Indonesia flight.
He was in dazed state when he crawled out of wheel housing at Jakarta airport.
The flight took off from main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta.
His immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning.
Michael Vaughan criticised England's top order for just looking to survive.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side.
Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 as England struggled.
Jo Burston, 43, has started eight companies, and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island.
The award-winning tech entrepreneur's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusualcircumstances for her first business Job Capital.
Her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' aims to empower women in business.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men.
They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John.
The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where Mohammed Emwazi hung out with fellow jihadists.
Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Enwazi was a part.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge.
Manchester United and Chelsea have won more than their Merseyside rivals.
Party will launch billboard advert using image from 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster.
But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’
New official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries across England are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election.
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend.
Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12.
The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth.
First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating MsDirksz at the time and is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage.
Mr Jam
Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton.
Rosberg complained during a press conference that his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton had acted'selfishly' in slowing down to such an extent that he (Rosberg) could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari.
Hamilton finished second, a place ahead of Vettel.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans in Game One.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as the Warriors built a 15-point lead.
Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Mark Lowe, 32, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death.
Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife on September 7 last year.
Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone.
She said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was denied his 100th race for McLaren.
Nico Rosberg has been left in the shade by Lewis Hamilton.
Pumpkin seed oil is thought to enhance your mood, renew skin and reduce menopause symptoms.
It can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair.
Gwyneth Paltrow loves to use the nutrient-rich seeds in her healthy recipes.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight belt after Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday.
Quillin's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than Lee.
Lee admitted he had been 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight, leading to his knockdown and standing count.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' after botched surgery.
Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock.
NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Labour leader refused to admit he had got it wrong over past five years.
Came in combative interview with Evan Davis on BBC's Newsnight.
Mr Miliband refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by end of next Parliament.
He also rejected a string of statistics read out by Mr Davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved.
For the first time ever, fans can see a detailed breakdown of how support for every club varies around the world.
In the UK supporters can go as in-depth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency.
Arsenal are the most popular team with 5.6million followers, followed by Chelsea (5.4m) and Manchester United (4.8m)
The reasons behind support for a club in any country or area are of course complicated, but certain trends can be explained.
For instance, there is often huge support in certain countries for national heroes.
Ivory Coast is pro
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants.
Pakistan hosts over 1.6 million registered Afghans, the largest and most populous in the world.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager.
The Italian was manager of Watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012.
Zola is one of a number of candidates on the list to replace Mark Warburton.
Benham also sounding out coaches from Spain and France.
Ed Miliband accused of hypocrisy after he claimed Coalition made it harder to get a GP appointment.
Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election.
Critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date.
Meanwhile it emerged last night that a Labour-supporting GP had circulated a letter claiming that 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Jason Edward Harrington worked with TSA for six years.
Claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across U.S.
Says staff bend rules so they can inappropriately touch passengers.
Comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights.
The staff canteen at Yeo Valley headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has opened its doors to the public.
It serves only organic and locally sourced produce to its 120 dairy workers.
The menu changes daily depending on what produce they get in.
Meals include organic sourdough and a dessert of apple and rhubarb crumble.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season for Manchester United.
The 34-year-old says he wants to try his hand at Formula One.
Carrick says he would not swap football for anything except to be an F1 driver.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer.
She was on death row for over 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood.
Indonesia and human rights groups are furious that Saudi Arabia executed domestic worker without notifying the country's officials or her family.
Amnesty International says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico on Wednesday night.
The Wales international injured his calf during Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga.
Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck on Wednesday.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of Karim Benzema and Luka Modric.
David Cameron's party has opened up a four-point lead over Labour.
Labour is on 36 per cent, Ukip on ten per cent and Lib Dems on eight per cent.
ComRes poll reveals that with just two weeks to go, there is all to play for.
One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
Patrick Henry Kelly, 56, allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order radio host Mary Lucia, 44, had taken out against him.
He allegedly sent her letters, emails and gifts to her home and workplace.
Lucia filed for the restraining order in July and said she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal.
The alleged stalker, Kelly, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
Celtic beat Inverness 2-0 in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk gave Parkhead the lead before all the incidents kicked off.
Josh Meekings was sent off for clattering into Marley Watkins.
Greg Tansey equalised from the spot for the Scottish champions.
Ronny Deila was angry at the referee's decision to award his side a penalty.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields.
The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population.
Climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants.
That's according to a study that said warmer springs can change the life cycles of bees, which can throw them out of sync with the plants they pollinate.
University of Alabama graduate Sarah Grimes has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister Kristen Saban.
Grimes sued the coach's daughter in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries, including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery.
But a judge in Tuscaloosa cited Alabama's'stand your ground' law in ruling that Saban only defended herself against Grimes.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday.
But just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks.
The touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers and has been doing the rounds on social media.
Christian Benteke scored the opening goal of the game in the 35th minute.
Tim Sherwood took over at Aston Villa from Emmanuel Adebayor.
Benteke has scored six goals in eight games for Villa.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Horse riding event for cancer charity in Northern Ireland apparently used surprise jump in shape of a car.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen.
One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle.
A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help.
He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries.
Four months later, he died at the age of 87.
His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower.
But the mother-of-one, 50, insists Mr Sears had a change of heart.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in west London on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored a penalty and Charlie Adam equalised.
John Terry hailed Hazard as one of the world's best players.
Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia.
This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears.
It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell.
Whenever she draws on the skin, her condition means raised red weals appear and she can create designs.
She uploads them to social media and they are making waves across the university.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men.
Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
They took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, was identified, according the police report, and he turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
Hudea, four, was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp, just 10km from Turkey.
She, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the camp since her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre.
But two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south, towards the city of Idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of Al Qaeda's brutal Syrian affiliate at the weekend.
It means the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 220,000 since 2011.
Vivid Sydney starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night.
Over 60 light installations and 140 artists will be on display.
This year will feature the city's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination.
Spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years.
She said she would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7.
But took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with.
Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were spotted at Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, at 1:13 p.m. local time on Monday.
The former first lady, secretary of state, New York senator, and top aide Huma Abedin didn't leave a tip during their 45-minute meal.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' the manager of the restaurant said.
Not every Chipotle restaurant has a jar for change. And many customers pay with a card.
But the manager assured Bloomberg that his location does, and customers usually leave a little
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in road accident in East Sussex.
The 21-year-old was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed.
His grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens.
The Irish rugby legend's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media.
SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead.
She refused to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer.
Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying on a TV debate that Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK.
Toronto, Ontario, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow.
Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink.
Within no time Luke was ready to show off his new hairdo at the Day of Pink rally at Forest Hills Collegiate Institute in Toronto.
Justin Rose finished joint second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month.
The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings.
Rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the Masters.
Steve Stricker will also play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game.
The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.
Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday.
Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, Indiana.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation.
He is facing a preliminary charge of murder.
Wilson was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU.
Two-storey hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, China, is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on giant cylinder-shaped rollers.
Engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily 'walk' possible.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq.
He declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS.
Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in 2013.
But his relatives and family friends insist the will is invalid.
They say that the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
The two sides are locked in a High Court fight at the Royal Courts of Justice.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December.
He was found lying on his back in a wire chicken coop without the strength to sit up.
Video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue's Orangutan Rescue Centre in Indonesia shows the apes throwing adoring glances at each other.
At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then performs the same gesture back at her.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is planning to extend the pitch at the Britannia Stadium for next season.
The Potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
QPR's Loftus Road and Tottenham's White Hart Lane are also one of the smallest pitches in the top-flight.
Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size of 105m x 68m.
Kate, 33, revealed baby is due'mid to late April' during visit last month.
Royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such.
The 25th is the favourite but Palace says neither date or any other has been confirmed.
Prince William has finished his Air Ambulance training earlier than expected.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 at the Odsal Stadium.
Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for the Robins.
Ryan Shaw converted on his way to a tally of five goals.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Celtic are keen to retain the services of Jason Denayer.
The 19-year-old defender has impressed while on loan at City.
Liverpool are showing interest in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile.
The Italy international has struggled in Germany and is wanted by Liverpool.
Arsenal are also interested in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan.
Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut.
Stoke City are keen on Blackpool teenager Dom Telford.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat.
The memo said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money'
Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply.
He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
The original note has haunted Labour since it was first published.
Stephen Hogger, 55, was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures.
Choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham, Suffolk, have now resigned.
The walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir.
Chimpanzees crossing a busy road in Kibale National Park in Uganda.
They have learned to look both ways before crossing and look for traffic.
Adult chimps tend to wait for younger chimps to cross and check they got over safely.
It is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour.
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie.
Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the 4-3 lead.
It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce's side are currently in 10th place in the Premier League.
The Hammers are without Diafra Sakho and Enner Valencia.
Scottish Nationalists threaten to paralyse UK government by blocking 'any bit of spending' they do not agree with.
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament to ‘try to build a majority’
But the SNP suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn.
Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah.
The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.
It brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by Arsenal duo Eduardo and Aaron Ramsey a few years ago.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday.
The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to Matthew Selt in qualifying in Sheffield.
White had defeated James Wattana in his qualifying opener.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'
But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons.
Along with favorites from DreamWorksTV, Jim Henson TV, Mother Goose Club, Talking Tom and Friends and more, your kids can watch new series from YouTube channels they already like.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by American prosecutors.
He is accused of causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique.
Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
But he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend.
An official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb.
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory.
Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana.
It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north.
Sydney's Dan Churchill, 25, was on Good Morning America to promote his cook book 'Dude Food'
He was joined by Blake Lively and Tim McGraw.
Churchill said he crushes more on Blake than on husband Ryan Reynolds.
The Aussie surfer was also on set to promote news song and a GMA producer was heard raving about Churchill.
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour.
Westley Capper, 37, has admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away.
Police believe she was forced into the vehicle in the Costa del Sol resort.
The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating.
Agnese disappeared after a night out at glitzy Puerto Banus nightclub Aqwa Mist.
She was spotted shortly before she left talking to a woman of Russian appearance.
Friends reported her missing later the same week along with her mother and sister after they flew to Spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages.
Notable TV shows including True Blood and Twilight are said to be driving surge.
Professor Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at Vatican-backed exorcism course.
Vatican insists pope 'didn't intend to perform any exorcism'
In 2013, Pope Francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair-bound man.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league next year.
Cantona has defended his role in latest film, dubbed'soft porn'
Roberto Martinez insists Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin need to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future.
Both centre-backs' current deals expire this summer.
Distin has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team.
Martinez says his club's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months.
John Terry was in inspiring form in the Chelsea defence.
The 34-year-old defender's timing in the tackle has been impeccable.
Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against Arsenal.
InXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built.
The pair's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million and features extensive views of Freshwater and Queenscliff beaches.
Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013, despite an assessment revealing Ms
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc., officials said.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine.
In one image, the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit, with her arms thrown casually above her head.
Her designer footwear is on sale for $500 (less than half the original price!) so get them before they're gone.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
'It's broken,' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him.
The mishap was captured on camera by his father, Luke, who later posted it online.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.
It has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit.
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine.
Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of drug.
While venues do let players as young as 18 in, majority of visitors are elderly.
Figures show 634 pensioners over 65 treated for substance abuse last year.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens.
The 31-year-old scored a last-minute penalty to secure victory.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer.
The Ghana international is also being looked at by Swansea, Newcastle and Everton.
Ayew's representatives have held talks with Roma.
Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo all out injured.
Wayne Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea.
Robin van Persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return to first-team action.
Luke Shaw is set to take over from Blind at left back.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.
It is sad to say that flying on a private jet, and on a commercial flight are polar opposite travelling experiences.
Seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber's luxury spacious aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters for '20/20'
The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when she was in her second grade class in Seattle.
She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996.
By the end of the summer, she had fallen pregnant with the boy's child.
After her release, she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter.
Jordan Spieth fired a second-round 62 to sit six under in Hilton Head, South Carolina.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town.
Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62.
Defending champion Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with John Merrick.
Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23, sent photos of the bodies to the children's biological father as a 'birthday gift' before killing himself in the grisly murder-suicide.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner.
Amir Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Reports in America suggested television network Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and Algieri.
Khan said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner despite the brash American calling him out on Twitter.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs.
The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City.
Fekir recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their persistence on pursuing a deal with City.
Alex Hales has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India.
Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
The 26-year-old is hoping for more continuity when England resume ODI schedule.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006.
They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering.
But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the lawsuit.
He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
The pair will now have to spend more to evaluate the care of their son.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party.
He was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house.
His neighbour in Edgware, Margaret Brown, paid tribute to him today.
Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Clarkson.
Bookmakers Coral have made her evens for the role, ahead of Dermot O'Leary.
Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he struck and verbally abused one of the show's producers.
He will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property.
The deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17.
'They actually spat on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts,' wounded veteran Nicholas Connole said.
Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school.
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram.
Overall Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
The little girl is believed to be named Aliya.
Ikramulla was arrested in Mary 2014 in Portage, Wisconsin, for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop.
He is also said to have screamed out 'God is great' in Arabic.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in.
They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled.
Most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property.
Police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social media to establish that people are out of their homes before striking.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at Utah State Prison in Draper.
He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday.
The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
The Grand National is the highlight of the racing year.
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner offer their predictions.
Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for Shutthefrontdoor?
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man'
Pearson will try to end a goal-drought at the King Power Stadium.
The Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence.
A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club.
The club, on George Street in Sydney’s CBD, is close to the Martin Place War Memorial.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria.
The Spaniard has received fresh criticism of his waistline.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas A&M, but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft.
Just days into his training with the Browns however, the local press began calling him out on his partying, which they cited as the major reason for his poor performance on the field.
Jeff Richmond, executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad'
Brandt was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning.
He was pronounced dead at the scene, according to the police report.
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told People magazine he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action.
Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit.
United go into the clash ahead of them in the Premier League table.
Ciara Campbell, 43, was an officer at Lancaster CID in Lancashire.
She is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times.
Court heard she also spied on his new girlfriend, Alice Coxhead.
But she maintains she was simply trying to ensure she did not bump into or confront her ex or his new partner at work.
Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
The German champions only scored once in their last three matches.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January.
The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive.
At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the Neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them.
But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of Africa that finished them off.
Scientists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say that new diseases carried.
by modern humans may have led to the downfall of.
Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred.
Other researchers have suggested that humans outside Africa are more vulnerable to Type 2 Diabetes because they inter
Llallawavis scagliai would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing.
It was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina.
Scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system.
They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under Roman Abramovich.
Jose Mourinho believes the next 700 games will see them supply more players for the English national team.
Chelsea are in a far stronger position than when Abramovich bought the club from Ken Bates for £140m on June 1, 2003.
Mourinho has been in charge of Chelsea for almost five of the Russian's 12 seasons at Stamford Bridge.
Video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau.
The time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch.
Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers.
Tom Moffatt, 27, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son.
But instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P.
He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy'
But he ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Queen's Hospital, Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space to store bodies.
Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement.
A spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice.
John Coyne, 56, ran Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London.
He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking.
Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday.
Police have urged people to contact them if they believe they have also been attacked.
A California homeowners' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house, including one who stared directly at the camera.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon.
The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court.
The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
Local sources claim the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them.
Scott and Mayo Shirley were travelling back to Washington DC from Orlando.
They were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.
Mrs Shirley had to go to work next day at the Food and Drug Administration.
United Airlines have offered them a $150 flight voucher and'mileage points'
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood and his wife Claire.
The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
Much of the action in House Of Cards takes place on Capitol Hill.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg.
Hamilton's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second with a strong drive from fourth on the grid.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic.
They are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.
The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation.
Serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks.
Methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributor to climate change.
Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal.
The 27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in Kimberley in September 2011.
She also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Ms Pitt is planning to participate in the Melbourne Ironman in 2016.
Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 in his hometown of Lowestoft.
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean told inquest that friend AJ Sutton later identified body.
Mr Hardman's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression.
Pathologist Richard Ball confirmed the cause of death as hanging.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body.
Heslip has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged.
Arsenal host Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday evening.
Arsene Wenger's side are seven points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League.
The Gunners currently hold a seven-point advantage and a match in hand.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography.
He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place.
If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.
New revelations now claim their deaths came after their supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe zone.
The purported revelation may change the outcome of a wrongful death suit filed by the families of a dozen on the hotshots last June accusing the state of negligence.
Male competitors on Bear Grylls' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers thought was a common caiman.
But later discovered was an endangered American crocodile.
Conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films.
The Italians have a plan to beat the holders while Spain is holding out for a Clasico final.
Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich take on Barcelona.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane.
The British No 1 is due to tie the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday.
Amelie Mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby.
Murray has been planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to post office, grocery store and school house.
But now, ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis.
Couple, who live in house just north of commissary building, encounter only hired workers in town.
It was home to headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history in 1870s and 80s.
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women.
He is engaged for the fourth time and still has a live profile on Plenty of Fish.
Holpin says he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different teams.
The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf.
Alonso scored the equaliser for Liverpool in his first season at Liverpool.
Bayern Munich trail to a 3-1 aggregate scoreline against Barcelona.
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead with multiple injuries at 9pm on Thursday.
Her mother Bernadette, 57, was also found dead at sheltered accommodation.
Police are now hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox, brother and son of two women.
Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short, dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes.
Detectives are also looking for CCTV footage.
Madeline Luciano allegedly allowed pupils to write nasty words about classmate.
The 40-year-old claims she was trying to teach them about the evils of bullying.
She has now launched court action against the city's education department.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone.
They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.
This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars.
However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
The study was led by Dr Jason Wright from the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds at Penn State University in Pennsylvania.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Several punches were thrown and Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
Greenpeace survey finds more people back fracking than are opposed to it.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction.
35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique.
Greenpeace accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola.
Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
He is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals.
Tim Farron was accused by Jo Stephenson's widow of 'betrayal'
Inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress'
Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere.
He initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell the paramedics that he had intended to kill himself.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother.
Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden.
He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
The Masters 2015 is almost here and is the first major of the year.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose will tee off.
The biggest names in the game will face each other at Augusta National.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer.
It is composed of three components: a lipstick wheel, an eyeliner applicator, and a mask which illuminates when the 'beautification' was complete.
Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history.
Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time.
That levelled the scores up at 1-1, but Adam's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing.
Chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave Stoke nursing a third successive league loss.
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table.
City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday.
Video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society.
It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops.
Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid.
Acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the pH scale making it very acidic.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.
Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao on pay per view has been released.
The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11.
It shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road.
May 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m set by Mayweather's fight with Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez in September 2013.
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for England.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland.
If Wales votes in favour of Welsh Assembly having income tax powers, Welsh MPs would also be excluded.
The plan is likely to trigger a row with Labour, which opposes the idea of an English veto.
Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison hospital.
He is being lined up for move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the 'voices from God' which he blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial.
A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Ukrainian pole vault great is battling Coe for the top job.
The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday.
The 24-year-old admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him.
Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket.
Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September.
The 1,000 Guineas hope is trained by David Simcock.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield.
The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people at a press day for the air show.
A friend of the dead pilot said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
Charlie Hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade.
The 25-year-old former Folkestone grammar school pupil suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system.
Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978.
A mysterious benefactor has donated £1.5million to Bath Abbey.
The donor sent the money along with a note, saying they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'
The cash will be put towards the Abbey's restoration fund.
It is aiming to raise £20million to repair the collapsing floor and fit heating powered by the Bath springs.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough.
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after the outbreak.
Parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there.
Influential diseases expert Professor Matthew Cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend.
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester.
Seemingly unaware of the low tide, he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft.
The 11-year-old was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, claimed in a prison interview on Wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his brother.
Stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane.
Lane was gay, and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus.
Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt.
Had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car.
When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit.
McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday.
The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 51.7.
Arsenal trio Olivier Giroud, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil make the top 10.
Hamish Baillie, 47, claims he was molested by Lord Janner in 1983.
He says he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him 'questioning myself and everyone around me'
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.
One of the nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former Leicester West MP waived his right to anonymity to say the decision 'beggars belief'
Adam Barker will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties.
The 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012.
He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work.
LHC is world's largest atom-smashing machine.
It was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson.
But scientists hope it will unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.
They are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to upgrade.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16.
The Liverpool manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players.
Rodgers says he was a 'talented youth player' in Northern Ireland.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach.
The bobcat collected the shark after entering the water.
A spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship.
The Ukrainian club are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages.
Club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000.
Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City.
The Argentine scored twice in injury time to win the title in 2012.
Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League.
Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets for City.
Former White House florist Ronn Payne retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.
Chelsea Clinton allegedly referred to the Secret Service with an offensive counter-culture epithet, and said she learned it from her parents.
The book could prove problematic for Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, the former first lady, senator and secretary of state.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day.
It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once.
Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button.
When they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'
This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button.
NSW's new Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million.
He said it would most likely be a one month bond, paid off over six months to a year.
The Minister added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money'
He added that introducing a bond was not a new idea or 'rocket science'
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire.
The team will compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins.
Prior is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course.
He was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five.
Police found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers in his dorm room.
Loughlin pleaded 'not guilty' in court on Friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery.
Chris Blowes was attacked by a Great White shark in Fishery Bay, South Australia.
The 26-year-old surfer is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital.
Witnesses said the shark swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support they have received during this traumatic time.
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium.
Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League.
A fundraising page has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday.
Hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
Liao cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on Thursday before Chief Magistrate Peter Lauritsen.
She did not meet the eyes of more than a dozen of her victim's family members
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on Floyd Mayweather.
The pair agree to put the money where their mouth is in the fight.
Mayweather and Pacquiao are expected to fight in Las Vegas next weekend.
Boxer Adrien Broner has revealed he will be putting down $10,000.
Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity.
The former England rugby captain and his trekker team mates were unharmed.
Moody is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on Earth.
Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Following a campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them.
When Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow.
The couple was rushed to Bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition.
Pero Antic, who plays for the Atlanta Hawks, was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th Precinct
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.
The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen.
Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
He was the first person to use the bath in SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas.
Australia beat New Zealand in the World Cup final on Sunday.
Brad Haddin and James Faulkner were both sent off in the final.
Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism.
Andrew Danziger flew President Obama's campaign plane in 1989.
He said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between Kansas and Iowa.
Aviator said UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball'
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, loves all night parties.
The single mother of two regularly leaves in the early hours of the morning.
She says she isn't the 'run of the mill' pensioner and has no intention of slowing down.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night.
Stefan Johansen scored the second goal of the game from the penalty spot.
Ronny Deila's side have won four successive league matches.
Two guards working for TransValue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate.
The men 'ordered the guards to lie on the ground, tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods, before taking 275lbs of gold'
The gold totaled $4.8 million, but the truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal, so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver - behind.
Police are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday.
Dietmar Hamann believes the World Cup winner may be heading for the exit.
Hamann also doubts whether Franck Ribery will fit seamlessly back into the side when fit.
Dr Teresa Belton, 62, believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives.
Simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing.
Belton says: 'Wellbeing is a continuing state, while happiness can come and go. Wellbeing means that we both feel good and function well'
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt.
She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated for alleged misconduct.
Chanel, 19, is a freelance model in California.
She claims to have covered her body in pig's blood to maintain her youthful appearance.
The model also says she has eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed James Polkinghorne 'I would have been dead'
Silva was convicted of manslaughter last month for the murder of her partner of four years.
Michael Usher, the veteran journalist who conducted the interview, has revealed her walked away from the experience 'totally drained'
He said Silva was living in fear and violence and she told no one.
'She tells it in a ridiculously raw, emotional but extremely clear way, she deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation,' Usher said.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow on April 16.
Judge Nigel Cadbury said she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death.
But her friends say she only had a few drinks before leaving a club.
Campaigners have branded his comments 'unhelpful' and 'insensitive'
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine.
Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession.
The 24-year-old will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut their ties.
Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem.
Harry Kane will play for the U21s at the European Championships.
The Tottenham striker made his England debut against Italy last week.
Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane the green light to play.
Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill'
Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Chelsea are favourites to sign Kenedy from Fluminense.
The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European clubs.
Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape.
War memorials were also defaced. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year.
DNA sample eventually led them to his mother.
Woman was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but charge dropped.
She explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
Police said they have ruled out any foul play and the woman remains on bail.
Brendan Rodgers was fined for leaving a property in Accrington to rot.
The Anfield boss was ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof.
But he had his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons.
Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing.
Chelsea shut out Arsenal just a week after doing the same to Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho’s side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge.
Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history.
Reading were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp.
Reading boss Steve Clarke has backed Federici to bounce back.
The Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.
German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous.
The resort is dotted with pretty villas and sleek beach huts.
Stars include Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood and Colombian singer Shakira.
Colonia del Sacramento is perhaps Uruguay's prettiest town, with cobbled streets and crumbling buildings.
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
The legal loophole in an official application document on 'private hire driver licensing' says people coming to Britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked.
Those from outside the EU who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country.
Jay Rutland, 34, married Tamara Ecclestone, 30, in July 2013.
Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in £3,378.
Former stockbroker lives with wife and daughter Sophia, one, in £45m house.
Couple are said to own £300,000 Ferrari, £123,000 Bentley GT Continental.
Number of teenagers getting straight As at GCSE has soared by a third.
More than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an A or an A*.
Critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out.
Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout.
The scheduled 12-round fight in North Texas came a week before Crawford is scheduled to be in New York to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit Cuba.
He is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations.
Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
John Hughes was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was cleared to appear in Scottish Cup final.
Hughes says his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last Sunday.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs.
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta.
The world No 111 struggled to get under par during the opening round.
Woods recorded a relatively respectable score.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies.
The 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009.
Bell said thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint-Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining.
Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal.
PSG are also bidding to become the first French side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season.
England were embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year.
Brendon McCullum is adept at playing T20 all over the world.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions.
Chris Woakes will play alongside McCullum for a Warwickshire team.
Ashley Young has revealed the secret of his team-mates' changing room playlist.
Young is known for being the resident DJ at the Red Devils.
But he admitted to being under strict orders from Louis van Gaal.
The English winger is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Olly Murs.
Murs was invited on to the show, co-hosted by Jonny Evans' wife Helen.
Adam Johnson, 27, charged with grooming and sexual activity with 15-year-old.
Premier League winger faces lengthy jail term if he is convicted.
He was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during appointment.
Johnson, father of a three-month-old daughter, is due to appear before magistrates on May 20.
Peter Schweizer claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation.
The claims against Clinton, Secretary of State from 2009-13, are laid out in Clinton Cash, due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins.
Clinton allies have characterized the book as simply the latest in a series of 'absurd conspiracy theories' designed to derail Clinton's 2016 campaign.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book.
She claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry in 2012.
The dominatrix has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show.
But Kensington Palace has dismissed her story as 'untrue'
Labour leader promises Home Office task force to boost prosecutions.
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers.
New unit of 100 staff would work with Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff.
But Nigel Farage and James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
The 34-year-old beauty told E! on Friday afternoon that she would indeed be watching former stepfather Bruce Jenner talk to Diane Sawyer later that evening.
It's the one year anniversary of Kimye and Kim Kardashian is festively dressed up in an all off-white Narcisco Rodriguez Fall 2015 outfit.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are eight points behind Liverpool in the Premier League.
United face Manchester City in the derby on Sunday.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers.
Instead lets boiling water do all the hard work.
Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade around the potato.
Run the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through.
Nicky Buckley: A Memoir is a new memoir of her nine month pregnancy.
The Canadian weather presenter was slammed for showing her bump on TV.
Bucked preconceived notions of women in TV and continued to work to support family.
Despite her bump, Buckley says the pregnancy showed the ugly side to TV.
P-22 was found in crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac's home on Monday.
Animal rescue workers tried to get him to move, including firing tennis balls.
But the mountain lion was gone when they returned in the morning.
On Tuesday morning, they conducted a thorough search of the area in Los Feliz.
Luckily for them, P-22 had moved away overnight and was heading back to Griffith Park.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by Orting, Washington, police after just under a year.
He claims he was fired for reasons he says are down to color of his skin.
Vandals sprayed 'n****r' on his SUV and'sue cheif and pay' on it.
Pickens has now filed a suit demanding $5million from the town.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Hinckley's lawyer and treatment team say he's ready to live.
full time at his 89-year-old mother's home in Virginia under certain conditions.
He has been allowed freedom in stages. He spends 17 days a month at his mother's Williamsburg home.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack.
According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for the Gunners.
Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike.
Sportsmail's Matt Barlow casts his eye over the two teams' performances.
Roma have been punished for displaying an offensive banner.
The banner taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died last year.
Roma will have part of their stadium closed for the league match with Atalanta.
Antonella Leardi's son Ciro Esposito died after being shot during clashes.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet.
Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.
Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Not long after their arrest, cell phone video emerged showing Erica Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork.
Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers.
Pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing.
They have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters.
Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner with over 1,100 votes.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek.
One man distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Once the cord is attached, the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount.
Sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub when he became annoyed.
He grabbed a bread knife and went to his neighbour's yard where he slit the throat.
The mixed-breed called Lucky was found dead in a pool of blood.
Li now faces a fine for damaging property as China has no animal cruelty laws.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP is at mercy of Sturgeon.
Says it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if Scottish nationalists hold balance of power.
Comes after Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's budget'
Jules Bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014.
The 25-year-old Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable.
His father Philippe Bianchi has spoken of the pain his family have gone through since the accident.
Study of 18,500 patients found people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others.
Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
This has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms.
Even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat.
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4.
The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month.
Jose Mourinho has said Costa's recovery is going well.
Mourinho hinted that Loic Remy could return from a calf injury.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room.
American Teri O'Neil, 30, recorded the video when she was six months pregnant with her son Liam.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-1 in the Premier League U21 Cup.
Sam Gallagher scored a wonder-strike to win the game for the Saints.
Ryan Seager and Matt Targett also scored for the hosts.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean.
Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook’s opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13.
Arsene Wenger says he will have a heart-to-heart chat with Theo Walcott.
Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw against Italy.
Wenger believes there are flaws in Greg Dyke’s proposal to increase the number of required homegrown players in Premier League squads to 12.
Ana Ivanovic crashed out at the first hurdle of the 2015 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart on Tuesday.
Serbian fifth seed was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by France's Caroline Garcia.
Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Jill Scott was sent off for headbutting Jade Bailey on Sunday.
The England international reacted angrily to a challenge by the Gunners defender.
Scott was shown a straight red card during the second half of the Women's Super League clash at the City Football Academy.
City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character'
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine.
The 22-year-old is currently ranked World No 520.
Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour at the tender age of 17.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four.
Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races.
The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Former world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision.
Tiger Woods was ready to play some golf at Augusta National.
The former world No 1 hit a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole.
Woods claimed a bone popped out in his right arm, right there, but he reset it.
He did not manage to challenge runaway winner Jordan Spieth.
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0.
The Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October.
Alex Neil's side remain unbeaten in the Championship this season.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.
The British singer, who is currently touring New Zealand, took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday.
Ms Knight said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the memorable visit.
'He was just the nicest guy. So humble and down to earth,' Ms Knight said.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal.
Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
He said he saw a wave crash into his window and that his boat eventually filled with water.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year.
On their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes'
Mikenzy, who coaches Special Olympics basketball, said she hopes to one day have a career working with those with disabilities.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses.
He is accused of groping the breast of one of them and saying 'you bad girl'
Nurse A said he smacked her on the bottom after she asked him about chest X-rays.
Manohar denies four counts of sexual assault at Liverpool Crown Court.
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking.
This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster.
The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Earlier this year he sold a £20million townhouse to a company owned by himself.
Miracle Godson was reported missing on Friday afternoon.
He jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan.
Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police.
Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious.
An inquest will be held in due course into his death.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has spent much of the season on the bench.
The 26-year-old has been pictured on a bench with his team-mates.
Walcott has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Premier League games.
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Violeta Tupuola, who lives near Canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media.
In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta placed a shot glass over her mouth and sucked in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to swell.
The bizarre result is said to be painful and last hours.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into Londis shop in Cleveleys.
Pair pulled out'realistic looking' handgun and began waving it in family's faces.
They demanded cash from till, but brave parents refused to hand it over.
When they refused, Munro and Thompson threw sweets at them before fleeing empty handed.
Munro jailed for five years and four months at Preston Crown Court.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance.
The Royals have struggled in the Championship this campaign.
Clarke has never beaten Arsene Wenger's side.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a brood with at least ten mothers.
He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
MacDonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market.
Says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus.
The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street in Manhattan.
Each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories, and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic.
The hotel boasts a rooftop bar known as the Writer’s Den & Poetry Garden, which serves literary-themed cocktails.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 3-0 in the Youth Cup final.
Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to secure victory.
City will face Chelsea in the final on April 20 before travelling to Stamford Bridge.
Arsenal are the form team in Europe at present, winning 10 games out of their last 11, including seven in a row.
The Gunners have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of their Premier League trip to Burnley on Saturday.
Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' as his selected track.
Nacho Monreal opts for David Guetta's lead single from his sixth album 'Dangerous'
David Ospina will even find time for some Colombian rap with J Balvin's track 'Tranquila'
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish.
But was the achievement just a hoax?
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake.
He then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side.
Fighting against what may well be a weed, the young boy continues to reel.
Queen Margrethe, 75, waved to crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace.
She was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children.
Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.
It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt.
Schmidt revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Spartak Moscow have been fined £2,500 and banned from two away games.
The Russian Football Union said their fans displayed a racist banner.
A Celtic cross is typically used in Russia as a symbol for white supremacist groups.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings 116-111 on two of the judges cards.
The Ukrainian is mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt.
Klitschko is ready to travel to England to defend his belts.
Adam Peaty broke the men's 100m breast stroke world record.
The 20-year-old's time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in 2012.
Peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people on its way to Phuket.
Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat.
Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Chelsea Manning has started a Twitter account from prison in Kansas.
The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud.
Manning is dictating the tweets over the phone to close friends.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer.
Company has warned existing customers that loyalty points will be much lower.
Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston.
It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email.
World War II veteran Bob Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer.
Flanagan suffered a knee injury and has become a forgotten man.
Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep the 22-year-old at Liverpool.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the Argentine.
Icardi is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary.
The 22-year-old is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week.
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold in 2013.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Mabbutt will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford.
It was his sixth goal in eight matches for United since being restored up front by Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield.
United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com.
Law firms rely on relationships with clients and so once employees establish themselves, they become more and more valuable and command higher salaries.
Netflix, which has 2,000 employees, comes in second.
The Indiana 'ghost cane' and Pennsylvania's 'chair of death' are among the most famous of hundreds of priceless historical artefacts kept at Baelroy Mansion in Philadelphia.
The 200-year old chair is believed to have belonged to Napoleon – but the ghost which haunts the piece of furniture takes the form of a young woman named Amelia.
A grisly story is behind a haunted mirror kept in Louisiana.
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea.
The Germany international has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic is keen to join Inter Milan.
Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions about the possibility of a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack for the summer.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will take on each other next Friday.
Fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in at the MGM Grand.
Ricky Hatton went to Las Vegas to take his Man Of La Mancha tilt at the Mayweather windmill.
Up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this fight week.
Hillary Clinton flew from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination.
The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats.
Less than 24 hours earlier, her Secret Service drivers led reporters on a 92-mph race through New Hampshire on a rain-slicked freeway so Mrs. Clinton could arrive at a dinner party.
Paul Downton was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal World Cup.
Stuart Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series.
Broad says that he and Jimmy Anderson are best mates and admits he has guided him through his career.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park.
The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen wearing a blue sports vest.
New Balance Pink Ribbon 990v3 Sneakers support breast cancer awareness.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year.
They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital.
The family, from Furness Vale, Derbyshire, posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Huddersfield were held to a goalless draw at Brighton.
Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn.
Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
Dane Tilse will move from Canberra Raiders to Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the Robins as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio.
When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
Thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems.
School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
Caley Thistle went on to win the game after extra-time.
The Hoops have written to the Scottish Football Association.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off.
The world no 1 had a 70-7 lead in winners but struggled to dictate play.
Williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in Fed Cup for her career.
Stoke City came from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner to earn all three points at home.
Ronald Koeman's side are now ninth in the Premier League table.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace pushed Sunderland.
Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a win at Burnley.
West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.
The highway has been named the best in the world for its location.
It cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below.
Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician.
Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
Miliband has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet
Chelsea have suffered a blow in their pursuit of Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
The 21-year-old has scored 13 league goals this season.
Reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered £23million for the striker.
Dybala admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd.
They believed it was engaged in illegal fishing.
The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts after the ship was scuttled.
Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her home on 18 March 1975.
Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home.
She was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next day.
Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims, who did not know each other.
Iker Casillas has spent his entire career at Real Madrid.
The 33-year-old has been linked with a move for Manchester United's David de Gea.
Casillas insists he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey.
Real Madrid are hoping to retain the Champions League title.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the moment a man stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage.
The dramatic scenes occurred during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia.
A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters.
Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
Mr Keen posted on his public Facebook page that he needed someone to explain to him just what the Labour policy was.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, has launched its pot-pairing menu.
It matches five falafels to different strains of weed.
The menu is strictly a take-away operation for those who like to indulge.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties.
He urged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, Old Bailey told.
But Thomas failed to grasp 'cake' was a codeword for 'bomb', jury told.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds.
The pair were pitted against another couple of pandas, Yi Bao and Jin Xin.
Average length of a 'romp' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.
The land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition.
They journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours.
Any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person.
If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes.
The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi.
The boy was crying out for help when he was on top of a white car.
Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has revealed the mouth guard he will use.
Pacquiao is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Cape Verde's 2-0 win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week.
The island is 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa.
Its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes.
Manchester United winger Nani is from Cape Verde and could have played for them instead of Portugal.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed grandfather John Potts, 45, with a single punch.
Robson had been drinking at the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear.
He had been a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral when fighting broke out.
Mr Potts was described by his sister as 'a big softie' when he tried to intervene.
Judge Paul Sloan QC jailed Robson for three and a half years.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
At the start visibility for the driver with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30, and leaving 500 injured.
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning.
Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Karen Davis from Port Pirie has been charged with disorderly behaviour.
The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app.
Police allege she 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured exposing herself.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy over her actions.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
England face Italy in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Tuesday night.
Roy Hodgson's side are favourites to win the tournament.
The Three Lions have already qualified for the finals in France.
Click here for more England news.
Money Man vs PacMan will be the biggest fight of all time financially.
Jack Johnson was the bane of the white supremacists in America in the early 1900s.
White America hated it when 'Galveston Giant' Johnson beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908 to win the title.
After a frenzied campaign, Jeffries agreed to take the fight for what would equal £3m.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1.
The 19-year-old has not even been named in the matchday squad.
Gallagher has had a long injury-hit season behind him.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was arrested by police early on Sunday after she allegedly urinated in the lobby of a Sheraton hotel in Iowa City.
Pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $500 bond at about 10am.
She was 'wearing two bar wristbands' even though she is underage, according to a criminal complaint.
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a challenge.
The world No 1 is hoping to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters.
McIlroy has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week.
She declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted.
Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving in Dummerston, Vermont.
She ran off Route 5 and crashed her Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
When officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Labour leader said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing'
Rising numbers of serious criminals 'are being let off the hook'
But launch of Labour's criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed.
Labour's police adviser, Lord Stephens, is to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled Stephen Lawrence murder probe.
Childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties, the U.S. Census Bureau has revealed.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings.
In 2012, that number was 94.9%.
For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were childless last year, researchers found.
Ludogorets player Cosmin Moti made one of the worst tackles this season.
The defender connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage.
But the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA Sofia.
Moti saved two penalties during the shoot-out against Steaua Bucharest.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback.
The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past.
Femail rounds up the worst offenders.
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar containing not one but seven different fillings.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel.
Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut, Dairy Milk Whole Nut and Dairy Milk Oreo.
There are only 50 on offer as they were created for a competition.
Floyd Mayweather's chef reveals he loves his snacks in new video.
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart.
The Temecula, California woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection.
Her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of Balamuthia mandrillaris, for which there is no proven treatment.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes.
The Manchester United midfielder has scored seven goals in 26 appearances.
Herrera's favourite goal for United came against Yeovil in the FA Cup.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson joined forces to slam SNP plans.
London Mayor claimed it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland'
SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament.
But is ready to do a deal with Labour, even if it finishes in second place.
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station was a backdrop for Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy.
It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists.
Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23.
A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched.
Victorian
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005.
They spent £35,000 on restoring it with friends in Devon over five years.
The bus became a celebrity, starring alongside Melvyn Bragg.
But now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus.
It's now listed on eBay for £120,000 which is 100 times what they originally bought it for.
Prime Minister will appeal to small firms and the self-employed.
He said while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace.
He said no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way.
Nakatani said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
Documents released by Edward Snowden allege Britain was spying on Argentina.
Claims include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government.
Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
The South American state still claims territorial rights to the islands, which they refer to as 'Malvinas'
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year that was called 'Killing Children'
There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'
The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents, who reported the incident.
The boy was then removed from class, and his parents subsequently withdrew him from the school.
However late last month, as students returned from spring break, so
Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
The pint-sized player scored a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Latisha Fisher, 35, was arrested Monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher to death in a bathroom at a Manhattan restaurant.
She told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son so she put him to sleep with her hand.
Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
Recently uncovered records show that Fisher was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy.
Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus.
It perforated his bowel and ate tissue from his chest cavity.
Mason recovered from the virus but his mum says he is not quite back to normal just yet.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface.
Nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on Earth.
Some may even contain life, according to Nasa.
There at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy - and now Nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade.
The stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack.
It was created by agency George Patts Y&R for the cosmetics company.
Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button have been taking advantage of Formula One break.
Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Button has been training for the London Marathon with his wife.
Yin Yunfeng spent a week cooking stir-fried dishes and snacks.
He also made about 1,000 dumplings before returning to his regiment in Tibet.
The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker.
The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi.
Ferguson has always been close to the Portuguese since their time together.
Raymond Allen opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965.
He had become a personal friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders.
Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe.
It is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
But the 87-year-old said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network.
It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band.
Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors.
During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped.
The game is expected to launch internationally, although details about pre-orders and a release date haven't been announced.
Airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags.
But it's a somewhat cut and thrust job.
As the suitcases whizz round on the belt, out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.
It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Rangi Chase was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
Salford went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form.
Chase will be joined by Weller Hauraki, Danny Tickle and Mitch Allgood.
Birmingham Airport could be re-branded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S.
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China.
But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
The Real Madrid forward has not been at his best this year.
Ronaldo took to Twitter to share his celebrations with his followers.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers.
After 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.
Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name.
Tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday.
His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor.
Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool had no others to give the 27-year-old.
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said: 'The minute that allegation was made by these kids I would have done something about it'
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City.
It ended up in the ends of Li Hongjun in southeastern China.
The pair eventually decided to meet up!
Their story got a lot of attention online.
When he got to China he was granted almost celebrity-like status.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession.
Would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and negative impact.
Also worried about her appearance and was also worried about appearance.
First told parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life - which is how she ultimately died.
Inquest heard she had suffered from a number of conditions in addition to depression, including acne, malnutrition, hair loss and itchy skin.
Swansea City are interested in signing Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede.
Gestede has scored 20 goals this season and is rated at £7million.
Anderlecht hitman Aleksandar Mitrovic has also caught Swansea's eye.
Leicester City left-back Jeffrey Schlupp is also on the Swans' wish-list.
Stuart Dallas scored two goals as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old spent three months at Northampton and has returned.
Brentford face Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Monday.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.
Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies.
The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Michael Duff believes Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England.
Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since taking over at Turf Moor in October 2012.
The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of United.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, are being put through their paces by instructors every day after school.
The classes were set up after a survey showed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs.
Instructors say they are aimed at making fitness fun, and also work with parents to help control the pupils' weights.
They are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung Fu master.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk.
The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the 75-storey tower.
Robert has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
The 35-year-old tried to kill himself in December, two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
Mr Carlisle has publicly struggled with depression and revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a 'constant reminder' of his good fortune.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at the Etihad on April 12.
Joe Hart has been lamenting City's fall from grace this season.
The England goalkeeper has had 'a lot of honest conversations' with team-mates.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are fourth in the Premier League table.
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at three times the size of its peers.
The animal towers over his peers at the farm in Gelston near Grantham.
Despite his remarkable size, his mother is in remarkably good condition.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades.
Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars.
Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye.
But his second husband, Colin Gregory, says Hatch broke his wife's heart.
Gregory says he was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend.
His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.
Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason have taken giant strides this season.
Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play Champions League football with Tottenham.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures.
He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'
He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120.
French born Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. She died in 1997.
Bournemouth drew 1-1 with Ipswich at Portman Road on Saturday.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes.
Kenwyne Jones levelled for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
Jones came off the bench to score within three minutes of his debut.
Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail.
Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms'
They urge the BBC to hurry up with series two.
The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far.
Jonathan Keats, a San Francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher, has designed a'millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus.
He hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range.
The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory.
David Edwards scored a late winner after a poor defensive clearance from Kevin McDonald.
Benik Afobe scored his side's third goal of the afternoon.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.
Indonesia upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday.
The two Australian's lawyers have now moved to Indonesia's constitutional court.
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season.
City have already talked to Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday.
Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims.
The Jordan Chandler lawsuit alone is alleged to have cost more than $40 million.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Eric Abidal was part of Pep Guardiola's Barcelona team that won six trophies in 2009.
The former defender says the current crop are on their way.
Abidal was speaking at the launch of the Eric Abidal Foundation.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed.
Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers.
Ofqual found that one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on Monday.
The boys and a friend had driven to a house in Miami to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000.
Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded in the arm.
Marc and Marc were arrested under a Florida law that says anyone who participates in a violent felony that results in death can be charged with murder.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday.
Orden Williams Jr. was sucker punched and attacked, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens.
Joe Brittman, 19, has been charged with Aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was suffering from extreme depression before his suicide on Sunday.
He was found hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday morning.
Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal.
Brandt's psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him.
She also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions.
J.B. Silverthorn, 44, was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
He was also booked for driving without headlights.
Silverthorn was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29.
Richard Sherman and girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed a son, Rayden, on February 5.
The Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots.
Sherman and Moss are now sharing photos of their son on Instagram.
It was just announced the Seahawks will play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United.
He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song.
After frustrating the cabin crew with his antics during the flight he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated.
Leonard, 46, appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court yesterday where he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par.
The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the Masters.
Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in South Carolina.
Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under.
EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16.
The latest version of the long-running game series features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles.
Courses, such as TPC Sawgrass, also affect how your shots are played.
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride.
The annual 'Festa dos Confederados,' or 'Confederates Party' in Portuguese, celebrates the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War.
Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875.
Listening to The Beatles can enhance flavours in certain food and drink.
The intensity of Nessun Dorma is said to be the perfect accompaniment.
High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week.
His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
The single mom told ABC7: 'He's at risk for HIV, Hepatitis C, Herpes, Gonorrhea, Chlamydia'
Mark Carney was spotted on a day off from running in Hyde Park.
He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt with no fewer than four water bottles.
The belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at Kintec, a Canadian sports retailer.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sitting in front room of their home.
Thugs began pelting front window with stones in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
Mr Young confronted them about throwing stones at his property.
He was hit in the face with a brick but doctors could not save his left eye.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Marin Cilic lost to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic.
Estrella broke Cilic four times on the outdoor red clay.
Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling for fitness.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen.
Menendez used his influence to get visas for married Melgen's multiple young lovers abroad - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of 'Sexy' magazine.
Melgen is being held at the Federal Detention Center in Miami.
Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat to capture images of the well known landmarks.
He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt, which he sailed along the river.
The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Prout's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much.
The Milan-born designer has made a name for himself putting A-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations.
But it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular.
The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo.
Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply.
at product launch.
Without knowing how many watches consumers have ordered,.
Wall Street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates for sales of the gadget.
Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'
Video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out.
Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.
Sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug.
Kyle Walker and Saido Berahino have also appeared inhaling gas from balloons.
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote.
The £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf.
All of the sales of the £995 tote will go to ADCAM, a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiatives.
Juventus are aiming to beat Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final.
Carlos Tevez has scored six Champions League goals this season.
The Italian side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio.
Juventus face Monaco in the first leg on Tuesday evening.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces.
But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb.
Just as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car explodes like a firework.
What's left of the car is then seen dropping back down into the smoke.
It is the latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS launching bungled attacks in Iraq.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
The 26-year-old hopes to use 2015 to experiment with tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Phillips would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in Auckland two years ago at this year's World Championships in Belgium in July.
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
The anti-ageing doctor has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission.
She had been giving drugs such as anabolic steroids to 40 patients.
Some of the patients had a history of abusing such substances.
Dr Epstein also neglected to keep accurate or comprehensive records.
Briony Ingerson posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up.
The photo was a tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!'
It has since emerged that on April 11, Fox Sports Australia posted an image of a man in black face.
It's understood the tweet was later deleted.
On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter, insisting she had not meant any harm.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit.
The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station Miramar.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy.
The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa'
The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game.
He scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday.
Kim Kardashian, her husband Kanye West and their daughter North are in Armenia.
They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan.
The hotel frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
Kardashian-West crew are checking out a plethora of local landmarks.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013.
He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him.
Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Lane's mother, Donna Lane, wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody T-shirt her son was wearing
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season.
Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to win PFA Players' Player of the Year.
Diego Costa has spearheaded Chelsea's attack with 18 goals in 30 appearances.
Sergio Aguero has struggled with fitness and has only scored three times in 2015.
Truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, China.
The dramatic collision is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country'
Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral.
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card for diving in the penalty area.
Real Madrid want the yellow card to be rescinded and have appealed.
Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
A bid by the league board was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday.
Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year.
The 19-year-old Scot was on the losing side in the 2007 Walker Cup.
McIlroy has tipped the youngster to be a success when he decides to turn professional.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League.
Jose Mourinho's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour.
Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, according to the figures.
Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment.
Hull lost 3-1 to Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Paul McShane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up.
Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid.
He insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine.
However, unperturbed, he eventually takes his mother's advice and decides to run for presidency anyway.
Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, made the unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in Baltimore.
She said: 'So I am watching the news in Baltimore and see large swarms of people throwing bricks, etc at police who are fleeing from their assaults... 15 in the hospital already'
Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit.
The young British athlete says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard.
Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
Allegedly went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks.
Cousin of alleged victim told court that she called sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet.
Mee, formerly of south London, denies 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after 14 minutes.
The former Chelsea defender tied David Luiz in knots in the process.
Barcelona took a 4-1 aggregate lead to relieve any pressure on them.
Luis Enrique's side were so comfortable at half-time Xavi replaced Iniesta.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
The car will get new engines and transmissions, including a turbocharged 1.5-liter four-cylinder motor in higher-end models.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California.
The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his bosses a doctor's note.
Pizza Hut worker said to be an employee of the firm, believed to be Pizza Hut.
Said to be annoyed at having their time 'wasted' writing sick notes for common colds.
Gave firm a ticking off for its office policy 'wasting his time'
Rory McIlroy is the favourite to win the Masters next week.
The world No 1 is 103 places above Tiger Woods in the world rankings.
McIlroy grew up watching Woods and is now on his way to emulate him.
A new two-minute video has been created by their sponsors Nike.
United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, was diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather.
The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours.
Passengers were finally taken to their destination by bus.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.
Cook is part of three of them, Hobbs and Sutcliffe (1924-30) and Strauss (2006-12)
Their opening-stand century was England’s first in Test cricket for more than two years.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13.
She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year.
Inquest heard how her parents, solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence, struggled to treat her condition.
After her death, notes she had written saying she was 'tormented by voices' indicating she might have been suffering from schizophrenia.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women.
Christine Lagarde and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among those championing pink.
The high street is responding to the demand for pink with Topshop, Next, H&M and Marks & Spencer all featuring pink in their spring and summer collections.
Ben Stokes was denied the wicket of Jermaine Blackwood after overstepping the crease.
Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind.
Michael Vaughan thinks Stokes should return to his natural style of bowling.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11.
Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League.
Ings is strongly linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool.
Everton lost 1-0 to Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday.
A Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé.
The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name.
This was followed with thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem.
Many of the users were able to see the funny side of their names.
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student.
A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'improper' 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other students.
McDonough has applied for a Pre-Trial Intervention program in hopes of having the charges against her dropped.
The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met.
If she meets all the conditions and successfully completes the diversion
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to five kilograms of cocaine.
Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed by firing squad.
Sandiford said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'
Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions.
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded: 'OK for other adults but not for me'
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press.
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, now 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault.
He demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez at the bar where she met him.
Van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez.
Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend.
The arts and music extravaganza in the Californian desert is known for their outlandish outfits.
But even among the acres of exposed flesh, lame pieces, mesh maxi dresses, skintight patterned leggings and leotards, a few stars' dubious style still managed to stand out.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport, near Derby.
The cargo plane skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.
It happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight, including dangerous goods, on an Air Contractors flight that originated in Athens.
London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit DNA sample.
It would then match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets.
The laboratory testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate.
Council hopes collection of DNA samples would fit well with new national laws requiring all owners in Britain to microchip their dogs by April next year.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's stadium.
Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991.
He shrugged his shoulders at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.
The father-of-two was placed under a banning order for three years and fined £500.
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place.
McGill was the architect of Selby's demise 10 years ago.
Selby became the 16th man to falter at the Crucible.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester.
She ordered Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for daughter Dennon, 10, and friend.
Restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed her.
Ms Dodds said: 'How dare they blame it on me. It makes me out to be a bad mother'
Amanda, 42, stars in new Air Wick fragrance campaign.
Says simple touches can enhance a home.
Photographed by Vogue photographer Willy Camden.
Chris O'Dowd lashed out at Gatwick Airport after his son was frisked.
The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff who also threw out the child's bottle.
O'dowd posted the tweet on his verified Twitter account, which has 630,000 followers.
He and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London yesterday.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980.
But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute.
The win was Arsenal's eighth in a row and kept up the pressure on Chelsea.
Arsene Wenger's side face Chelsea in their next home game.
Luiz Antonio from Brazil was presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi.
But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from.
His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on'
The tourists were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch.
Jason Holder scored his maiden Test century for the West Indies.
England are chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on front of May edition of Golf Digest.
She appeared in Women's U.S. Open when she was just 12.
At the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in the major tournament.
The decision has sparked a mixed response from readers.
Kecil the orangutan had to be moved from his birthplace in Ohio 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth.
He was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate, but she did not form a bond.
Maggie, 53, has been raising Kecil for the past 10 months, and the two now have an inseparable bond.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects.
MoD has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating'scandal'
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury.
Alan Pardew believes the striker has a 'bionic' knee.
The Toon boss believes Murray is reaping rewards from loan spell.
Smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash.
The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.
They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire.
But less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £
QPR manager Chris Ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.
Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York.
The blog aims to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry.
Many of the subjects featured on the blog talk on subjects that many women in the industry will have had to deal with.
Steven Thompson speared John McGinn with a pole in training last week.
McGinn will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg.
Thompson scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle in Salfords, Surrey.
He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against structure.
But local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission.
Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home must be pulled down.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle.
She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home.
Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court.
She is charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire.
Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy, from Southampton, died from his injuries on August 25.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note that she got her own back.
The letter was sent to an 'baby spamming' mother after the author got fed up with the amount of pictures and statuses she was writing on Facebook about her child.
Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has 'backfired'
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine.
William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Police have described the 'fast-paced' investigation into the new line of inquiry as 'progressing rapidly'
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday.
The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks.
Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18.
Richie Benaud died from skin cancer at the age of 84.
Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series.
David Cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to Richie Benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday.
The 21-year-old secured his first ever major title at the Masters.
Spieth was presented with his green jacket by last year's champion Bubba Watson.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
The 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval - tweeting a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'
Pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said.
In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation.
Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.
The incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene.
A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made.
Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp.
But the girl from Elgin in Moray, Scotland, was given a taste of her own medicine.
She texted her partner with the words: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy'
David replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to'
New Jersey schoolteacher Cheryl Meyer told presumptive 2016 presidential candidate Chris Christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'
Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie's no-nonsense attitude.
Watching the Matawan town hall meeting was Jim Keady, who Christie famously told to'sit down and shut up' for heckling him over the disbursement of Superstorm
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season.
Boyd has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen.
The journey from Turf Moor to Selhurst would usually take 69 hours.
Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs.
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game.
Rurik Jutting is accused of the murders of two Indonesian women.
His case has been adjourned for five weeks after the prosecution asked for more time.
The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges.
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
The 32-year-old leader is seen smiling on the top at sunrise.
He then visited troops at the mountain's base, saying the climb was like 'nuclear weapons'
This is just the latest of the dictator's publicity stunts.
The SEC said two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Two former sales employees, Stephen Timms and Yasser Ramahi, agreed in November to settle SEC charges against them and pay financial penalties.
Tabitha Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.
She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl.
Bennett claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter.
Ibrahim Anderson and Shah Jahah Khan have pleaded guilty to terror offences.
The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street.
They each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey cardigan.
Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
Final De Partida – or End Game – by Ana Romero sold out within 24 hours.
Claims Juan Carlos was romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein.
He was so smitten with her he considered divorcing his wife, Sofia.
Allegations are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources.
First print run of 25,000 copies nearly sold out on Wednesday.
Haute Montagne's Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for après cocktails.
The company also created a £2,450 lily-of-the-valley bouquet for a romantic guest.
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them.
Each could claim for up to £100,000 after CPS dropped prosecution against him.
One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs have accused director of CPS of ignoring rights of victims.
The Crown Princess was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9, 1940.
The 43-year-old wore a chic black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons, embellished with a brooch.
Mary placed a wreath at a war memorial and attended a service.
Jaye Cox and her husband, Matthew, delivered their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year.
Tests showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida.
Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital.
Her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived.
Angel Gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children, whose bodies were found Monday in their Eastpointe, Michigan home.
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control.
At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board.
It comes after a rescue operation was launched in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting.
The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700.
Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space'
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Lucas Leiva can play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the semi-final on April 19.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister.
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'
Bernard simply stated that it's been an 'honor' to serve the Obamas and lauded the first lady for welcoming 'every guest to the White House with her signature warmth, grace and style'
Coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth.
He was carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby.
Eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary.
Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected.
He is a keen military historian who studied English with J.R.R Tolkien.
One of the most unusual items is a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt.
The piece was commissioned by artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s.
Jerry Tarkanian, 5, suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday and was taken to the hospital.
His parents said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his neighbour Terrence Freebody in July 2012.
Costa is believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse.
The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa's unstable mindset at time of the attack can be proven.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said he was shocked by the ugly incident.
He said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
Valdosta State University, Georgia, was forced to cancel classes Friday ahead of a rally that drew hundreds to Valdosta.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was detained by police when she refused to return a flag which protesters were trampling on.
Police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration, and they issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus.
She later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week.
It invited Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country.
The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign.
Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger.
They were branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park in East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million.
Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the property is not all split over one level as modern bungalows are today.
Historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to further protect its heritage.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France.
Well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters.
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies.
Lawn Tennis Association acceded to the wishes of Andy Murray and GB Captain Leon Smith to play the tie on grass.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, says she was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen.
She claims she was sitting under a palm tree when police forcibly removed her.
Police insist she was removed because she had 'assaulted a group of private guards'
The beach is one of the most popular among tourists from Europe and the US.
Phil Haste, 60, was fined £50 for failing to display his tax disc.
He was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car.
The businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued.
Torbay Council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a town of about 500 on New Zealand's west coast, in late March 2013.
He and his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their three children have lived in the commune for two years.
After their departure, the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan.
They were particularly afraid that they may have lost their 'Salvation' with God.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.
Trooper Gababrd launched a manhunt for Kimmel and later found him on horseback again and he resisted arrest, saying, 'I didn't do s***, I was just riding my horse'
Kevin Dixon, 35, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out.
He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal.
Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many.
James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings.
Spuran Spuran announced debut song 'Spurs!' in hilarious video.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band.
Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the club in the fall-out.
The 72-year-old claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for Wednesday night's defeat.
His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson will now be African-American.
This just over one month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city.
The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election.
Michael Owen sparked a debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show.
The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season.
Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport.
The four-year-old was forced to hand it over after it was deemed a security risk.
Dad Phil has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous' and criticized how staff reacted.
East Midlands Airport apologised for the inconvenience but pointed out they had offered to post the toy back to the family's home in Doncaster.
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7.
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties.
33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'the most impressive' on the subject of the economy.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'
Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.
This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'
And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
The research was conducted by scientists from Ghent University in Belgium.
Sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for human consumption.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on The Voice.
He belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar.
As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight.
Father Montes claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to Stagecoach depot.
Driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.
Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus.
The Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge in the Andes near Huinchiri, Peru.
It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below.
Villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad.
It also includes an extra vegetable and a glass of wine.
These 'brain-healthy foods' lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly.
Nelson Felippe posted a photo of a scene on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro.
The viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant.
Felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man's footsteps.
Charles and Camilla are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland.
They were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire.
But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
Inter Milan are set to turn to Lucas Leiva and Alex Song.
Roberto Mancini is keen on Manchester City duo Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Leiva and Song are currently on loan at West Ham.
The war widows will be the guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on Saturday.
Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday, didn't feel so well and had to see the doctor.
She's one of 10 World War One widows who have travelled to the battlefields.
The group have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders who will see the dawn service.
Maria McErlane was travelling with her old mucker Doon Mackichan.
The Datai Hotel and Resort is in the north west of the island.
Langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the Andaman Sea.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A.
Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'
Juventus are unbeaten at home this season.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
The 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in Europe.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
Liverpool remain in the frame for James Milner and Danny Ings.
Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed.
When the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome, the same Google account must be signed into on the phone.
The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31.
Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children.
But police now believe Perez friman, a Spanish national of Cuban descent, to be the culprit.
Perez Friman is said to have suffered a 'psychotic incident' as a result of post-natal depression.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern in the third round.
Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
The 37-year-old admitted he was not at his best.
The food chain unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans.
Robert Durst appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22.
Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center.
He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Easter Sunday.
Lee McCulloch was sent off for fouling Osman Sow.
Stuart McCall says McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players.
Rangers move into second place in the league, three points ahead of Hibernian.
Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA, USADA and others are owed an apology for his offences.
WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits.
Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark, but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman.
Howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick, says Roberto Martinez.
But Michael Oliver deemed Coleman's handball deliberate and gave a penalty.
Jonjo Shelvey scored the only goal of the game in the 69th minute.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones.
Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white.
This means they have inherited different genes from their parents.
In odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin.
And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin, passed on from her mixed-race father.
One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney.
Another was filmed by Tianna Brien, who spotted a houseboat being swept away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle.
Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region.
More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
Porto are unbeaten in the Champions League this season.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1.
Jose Mourinho led Porto to glory in 2004 but later moved to Chelsea.
Lopetegui has brought in Oliver Torres and Cristian Tello.
Rafael Nadal lost to Fabio Fognini in the third round of the Barcelona Open.
The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4, 7-6 (8-6)
Defending champion Kei Nishikori beat Santiago Giraldo 6-2, 6-1.
Hernandez will be moved to the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley today.
He is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations.
It can also be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia.
The former New England Patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as 'killer joints' in the world of drugs.
Three-bedroom apartment in Egerton Place, London, is on the market for £575,000.
The property has just three years left on the lease and costs £191,000 per year.
But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth £6 million.
Property is one of two maisonettes being sold with three years remaining on lease.
Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Joe Root is England's outstanding batsman and is 118 not out at stumps.
Root is the fifth England batsman to score six consecutive 50s in Test innings.
Hillary Clinton's Mystery Mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle.
Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea.
Clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break.
But they were marooned on island for up to two weeks after ID card was stolen.
Mrs Craig, 37, has Jamaican passport and does not have full UK passport.
She claims that she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return.
The Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid.
It is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina.
The 37-year-old, from Byron Bay in New South Wales, created the flippers in the shape of a mer mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature.
She is now available to buy in the UK, with the country's sole stockist, Gigi Brooks, reporting brisk trade.
Work at Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims.
But when old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented floor designs.
Could point to where Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
Archaeologists fear glue being used may permanently damage the floor.
It is the latest in a long line of battle between Muslim and Jewish groups.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt.
McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's announcement that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way'
Launching a rare attack from his official White
Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
Study of 1,090 breast cancer patients by British and Swedish researchers at Lund University, Sweden.
Bafetimbi Gomis gave Swansea a 2-0 lead in the first half.
The French striker doubled the home side's lead in injury time.
Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the Masters.
The world No 1 is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at Augusta.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'
Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work.
James Houlder and his girlfriend Vicki Hood were on holiday in Egypt.
They booked a 10-day break to the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh.
But within hours they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea.
James, 30, has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)
His girlfriend, 22, claims she too has been plagued by sickness including a kidney infection.
Mr Houlder says he was offered a £50 'goodwill voucher' but no apology.
First Choice has now launched a civil case against the travel company.
Former PM made low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats.
Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements.
Bizarrely, Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein.
Brookstein’s last record is an apt metaphor for Blair in the eyes of the current Labour Party.
A four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm.
Video shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
Four people were arrested, and will be charged in due course.
England are in danger of losing their fourth Champions League spot.
There were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League this season.
Italy will begin next season with a higher ranking than England.
If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday.
Passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.
It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift.
He only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
Ukip said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels.
Party accused of performing yet another U-turn on its immigration policy.
Ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier, and today warned under-18s should not be allowed a say.
Alec Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the role.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job.
Stewart played 133 Tests and 170 ODIs for England.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record.
Anderson picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals.
Moeen Ali has been called up for the next Test in Grenada.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck in January.
He was left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.
Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan.
But he claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt.
Sloan said: 'I don't want it to get misconstrued that I told on this man'
FC Rostov defender Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after his side's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night.
The 23-year-old placed a ring on Katerina Keyru's finger before kissing and hugging her.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment.
Police allege she used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page.
In February, Ms Edmunds told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life.
She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception.
Ms Edmunds went into hiding after revelations of her alleged fraud
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool.
The Australian retail giant have so far refused to back down on their stance.
PETA have successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers to stop selling the fur.
They revealed the horrific treatment of rabbits at Chinese angora farms.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people.
Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies.
It confirmed it was 'formally investigating two companies'
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements.
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher.
The research was published in the International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism.
Joe Root became the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs.
Root reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days.
Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker.
England coach Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace plan to fly straight from Barbados to Dublin after the third Test.
Andres Iniesta played a pivotal role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG.
The Spaniard scored the opening goal in the second-leg at the Camp Nou.
Iniesta admits he has been unhappy with his form this season.
Barcelona face Espanyol in the Copa del Rey on Saturday.
Chris Maguire scored a late penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday.
The Owls have had 15 penalties this season.
Eddie Howe was left 'heartbroken' but also frustrated.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
It is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP.
That's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone.
Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.
Rangers captain Lee McCulloch was booed for an error against Raith Rovers.
McCall hopes that for the time that he is manager of Rangers, McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago.
The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating the home.
To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, the couple put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The winger has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Thursday.
Sheffield Wednesday drew 1-1 with Huddersfield in Yorkshire derby.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute.
Ishmael Miller secured a point with an equaliser just a minute from time.
Wednesday were down to 10 men for a spell when Joe Mattock went off injured.
Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120m from the fight, the biggest event in the history of boxing.
Motown legend Gladys Knight posted a picture on Twitter with Mayweather during a training session.
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman said to blame scandal on racism.
Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism within Tower Hamlets.
His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
Body cam vision shows officers saving several victims from a flipped Holden Commodore.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night.
The vision was captured at a known hoon-hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast.
Police allege Zayne Robert Dalton, 20, was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club.
The 73-year-old is a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian Games.
Reading will play Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Fiona, 51, fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter.
She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Police said there has been a spike in thefts in the Como area.
Vox Populi Registry Ltd. began accepting registrations using '.sucks' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants.
Taylor Swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from '.porn' and '.adult' domains attacking her.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars.
Customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
The 42-year-old actress, who founded lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon.
She will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for New York's food banks.
Javier Hernandez scored a late goal to earn Real Madrid a Champions League win.
The on-loan striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Hernandez for the way in which he celebrated his winner.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, 17, believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31.
They are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey.
The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home.
Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died.
But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family.
Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.
But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
When she collapsed in her home in December, she could not contact her family.
Vodafone retired her number without warning and she died a few days later.
Scientists from the University of Alberta in Canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all.
Their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones.
A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together.
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip is a wasted vote.
The celebrity former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates.
But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power.
She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'
The Let's Move! Initiative encourages people to eat better, be more active and healthier.
Michelle said she gets her daughters to eat vegetables by having a 'no treat' rule in her house if they choose not to eat healthy.
The unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting, unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the Great Lake.
The wrecks of the James McBride and Rising Sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the lake.
Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms, fire, and fog causing the destruction of these many thousands of vessels.
Bryan Stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him.
The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months.
Mr Stow worked as a paramedic for the San Jose Giants at the time.
He was promised he would receive the honour of pitching the first ball.
Los Angeles Superior Court awarded Mr Stow and his family $18 million.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to stop kissing.
He also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay fare.
Judge John Spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay fine.
Also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay $5,000 civil penalty.
Ben Flower will return for Wigan against Warrington on Thursday.
The 28-year-old was sent off in October's Grand-Final at Old Trafford.
Flower was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of Super League.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower back 'a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger'
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week.
Most of them claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising Middle East.
Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence.
Social network's 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters of the terror group on April 2.
The Venus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory.
Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity.
While clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath.
He jumped out of a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago.
Mr Young, a former soldier, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner'
Mr Hicks' family took Mr Young to the High Court, where a judge ruled he had unlawfully imprisoned his passenger.
The exact amount of compensation is yet to be decided - but is set to be around 50 per cent of what the family had requested.
Number of people claiming jobseeker's allowance fell by 20,700 in March.
UK's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent, a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago.
The rate was 7.9 per cent in May 2010, when the last general election was held.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Ed Miliband is not'strong enough' to win.
Alexander Meier is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals.
Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday.
Bayern Munich duo Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski are also out.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club.
North was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off on May 1 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the mega-bout went on sale from the MGM property box offices.
Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs.
Late last night, a ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on the StubHub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.
For 20 years the farmer would sit on the reptile's back while he chatted to him.
Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns for years.
Mr Tabone spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature.
A warrant had been issued to kill the croc after a heavy rainfall meant the trap which had been set up had moved and turtles had gone in after the bait.
The
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open.
The Leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece.
Selby won the German Masters title in February.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011.
For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was knocked down by a cyclist on the pavement.
The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the forehead.
Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
Police have launched a hunt for the mystery cyclist who allegedly mowed down her.
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today.
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online.
Men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media.
Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver's side are just nine points above the relegation zone.
Carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play.
Hundreds of seals are being killed in British waters to protect fish stocks.
Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year.
But campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish.
Scottish government says seals are better protected than ever before.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona.
After a police search that lasted more than an hour, the brothers were pulled from the water.
They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday.
Mr Hawley was a father to four children, aged 16, 14, James, 12, and Sybella, 8.
He is believed to have suffered a heart attack after returning from a swim.
His brother David said: 'He was one of the fittest men I've ever met'
He described Mr Hawley as a 'bit of a fitness fanatic' who was known to lead a healthy and active lifestyle.
The children are reportedly set to join the family in Sydney as they rally around David
Steven Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn.
Robbie Fowler says Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard.
Gerrard will miss the trip to Ewood Park as he serves suspension.
Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to stay at Anfield.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach.
The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the Scottish Championship side until the summer of 2016.
Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing Trinity Bachmann.
Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at about 8.30pm.
As they were arguing in the street, Miller allegedly struck both of them with her vehicle and killed Trinity.
Police said Miller reek
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries.
Her gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000.
She says that her work can involve beautifying rather than horrifying a client.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
The 29-year-old left-back was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad.
Tierney joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010.
Sharon Freundel gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal.
In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom.
The 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February.
He is set to be sentenced in May.
Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report.
The findings suggest a deeper loss of business for Qualcomm in the new generation of Samsung's flagship handsets than anticipated previously.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.
She can't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Elizabeth Stewart, Cristina Elrich and Jeannan Williams all make the top 10.
Elrich also styles Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Allison Williams.
Stewart is a former fashion editor for Women’s Wear Daily and the New York Times.
She was also voted number one stylist on The Hollywood Reporter's Power Stylist list last year.
Reanne Evans is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month.
The 29-year-old faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying.
Evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday.
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory.
The 29-year-old returned to the England fold last summer in Test series against Sri Lanka and India.
Plunkett is fighting for a start in the England Test side.
The mounds of rubbish will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up.
It is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the rubbish.
PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, said it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in 28 years.
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'
The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night's trip to Leicester City at St George's Park.
Jose Mourinho insisted that going 10 years without winning the league - as Arsenal have - was more boring.
Drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the Premier League title with two more victories.
Frances Bean Cobain spoke to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck.
The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the Nirvana frontman committed suicide, which she describes as being 'abandoned in the most awful way possible'
She also revealed why she thought her father shot himself exactly 21 years ago today, aged just 27.
Asda study shows lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's.
One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef.
Only a mere 3 per cent of over 55s fell for the fake cuts.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961.
Win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.
Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying.
But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar.
Mrs Nicholson was declared bankrupt as tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband's wealth.
She managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market.
The Light Dragoons are set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer.
They will move some 200 miles to their new home in Catterick, North Yorkshire.
More than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets to cheer on the departing troops.
The regiment will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after more than a decade in the town.
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig by lop-sided points in New Jersey.
The 21-year-old is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
VanZant was 18 when she won her first professional bout in Texas.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off.
Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy.
Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City.
The C-5 military cargo plane crashed and broke up killing 78 children and 50 adults on April 4, 1975.
Photographer Arwed Messmer found the remarkable photos in the archives of East Germany's Stasi secret police.
They were used as evidence in show trials against those caught trying to escape the Communist regime.
Pictures were also used to train up border guards, so they knew what people might try to do to escape.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house that featured as Leadbetters' home in 1970s TV series.
Great-grandmother-of-five has resided at home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986.
Comments come after PM promised he would help deliver 'greatest sunshine' of job, home, tax cuts and secure retirement.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Serie A leaders.
Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal for Juventus.
Leonardo Bonucci added the second 11 minutes later.
Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi scored for Barcelona.
Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 in Ligue 1.
Matej Vydra scored a stunning volley to put Watford into the lead.
Adlene Guedioura slotted a vital second goal shortly after the break.
Millwall were on top for much of the first half.
A 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of Edward Snowden was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning.
The anonymous artists spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year-old whistle-blower.
Snowden has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes after tragic crashes.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.
The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
Mr Milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident.
David Templeton spoke out about his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has led his team to three consecutive victories in the Scottish Championship.
Lee McCulloch has been warned he could lose his place in the starting XI.
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.
But astronomers say 'rogue' sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
He says: 'To have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating Earth would need liquid water'
A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders.
On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
A product description states that the 5.5in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are'movable'
David Atherton, 65, went to put his meal in the oven when he saw the snake.
He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box.
RSPCA officers came to collect the snake the same evening.
It has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist since.
Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice after battling skin cancer.
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers.
Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness.
The batsman has impressed since returning for Warwickshire and the England Lions.
Dr Steve Peters said there is no magic cure for Trott's problems.
Prime Minister ate hotdog with cutlery during campaign visit to Poole, Dorset.
He was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine with Lilli Docherty.
Mr Cameron has a chequered history with hotdogs.
In 2010 he caused offence on a visit to New York when he asked for a plain sausage, without even onions.
And in March 2012 he was said to have tried eating one sideways at a basketball game with President Obama.
With less than four weeks to go, 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election'
Politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally - by posing relentlessly for the ubiquitous photos.
David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions, as he poses beside voters during his country-wide visits.
Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage have also been getting in on the action at every opportunity.
Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix.
The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record.
Ecclestone is currently negotiating with promoters at Monza over a new contract.
Brook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds.
The Trail Blazers left LaMarcus Aldridge and others home for the game.
Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Manny Pacquiao will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
The Filipino boxer wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino.
Kimmel sang an excerpt of the song to be his walk-out music.
Pacquiao's song translates to English as 'I Will Fight For The Fillipino'
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013.
But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.
She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups.
The emotional reunion was caught on camera, with Nina Louise happily greeting Morris and her husband.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon.
The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm.
It was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses.
Locals quickly took to Twitter to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military.
Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq, brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012.
The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality.
One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mut
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon.
The 21-year-old kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read.
Tsarnaev's conviction was widely expected, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing.
Prosecutors portrayed the brothers as full partners in a plan to retaliate against the US for its wars in Muslim countries.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay.
PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old.
Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them.
Their qualification for the Champions League could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over United.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building.
He was found on third-floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel near Rockefeller Center.
Tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on business trip.
NYPD said they were treating his death as suicide and are not treating it as suspicious.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a Puerto Vallarta marina has been viewed more than half a million times online.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
The large croc proudly held on to its catch for hours as it lurked around the marina.
In Mexico the 'American Crocodiles' can reach lengths of 6 meters.
A man stormed the runway at Ellery's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night.
The man was overheard to tell security that the music was a 'disgrace' and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
Eye witnesses tell Daily Mail Australia that 'dramatic' loud music boomed throughout the 15-minute show.
It was the ninth time Ellery has showcased her wares at MBFWA.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day.
But the magma chamber lying directly beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels.
Scientists have been searching for an alternative source for years.
Now, by tracking seismic waves, a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over.
Tottenham have held further discussions with Marseille over a deal for Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years.
He crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat.
Mr Carr ran across five continents during his epic 621-day challenge beating the previous record by a day.
Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car.
He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange.
The Husky has been named Hero by his carers and is now being treated by RSPCA vets.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife.
Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
Prakash is
The last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing.
SNCF have spoken of their fury at the riders who breached a safety barrier as a train approached.
One rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down.
Kevin Pietersen took a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for Surrey.
The event at the KIA Oval comes before the start of the County Championship season.
Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo.
Surrey begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Dr Sarah Wollaston, outgoing Tory chairman of the Commons health select committee, called for Mr Hornby to step down.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics.
He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the Men's +100kg event.
Mr Keita claims his coaches told him he lost the fight 'like a baby'
He is now being supported by an asylum seeker charity in Stoke-on-Trent.
Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team.
The Juventus goalkeeper has played with Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
Buffon has also played with Lionel Messi and Roberto Baggio.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms.
With a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes.
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months.
12 of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing.
One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call.
Figures have re-opened argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl.
Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK.
Americans favour distinctively prominent royal names, with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent, and Elizabeth and Victoria tying at 12 per cent in terms of popularity.
The popularity of these names could have stemmed from prominent names of other royals, including the late Princess Diana and Queen Elizabeth II.
George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday.
He was named in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world.
Gittoes said it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos.
Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.
Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection.
U.N. reports at least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months.
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone appear on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight.
The 30-year-old is all smiles as she admits that she is developing a crush on her new husband.
Ryan admits that he has a side of himself that'sometimes isn't too pleasant'
Sepp Blatter has received the full backing of African football's president Issa Hayatou.
Hayatou is president of the Confederation of African Football.
Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.
In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations.
Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far.
EasyJet hasn't fared much better, experiencing a 19% rise in delays.
Trevor Vale has posted a five-minute plea online to encourage Australians to attend an Anzac Day memorial service.
The Geelong man was on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne.
He became frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs.
Mr Vale said he is inspired by his wife's service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country.
A Royal Night Out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945.
The Queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness'
The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, is first cousin to the Queen and her best friend.
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a tattoo of a rose and her grandchildren's names.
But it became infected and she was left with a gruesome hole in her leg.
She had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week.
Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program.
Neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to Bill.
She received a kidney because her husband Bill gave his kidney to a patient in need.
On the day of Neyen's transplant, eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants.
Noelle Baynham, 61, was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door.
The body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
It is believed the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice.
As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
When it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet.
Eitan immediately starts running toward his son, who had been in Afghanistan since November,
Yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich.
In fact, it was largely founded as a Nazi camp where the children in the German American Bund could fish, swim, hunt and learn about eugenics.
Today, Yaphank is still a town on Long Island.
Missing now are the homes with swastikas built into the brick work and hedges, pro-Hitler parades and, of course, the Nazi camp.
Cats and People cafe based in Moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.
Customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview.
The cafe was influenced by the many cat cafes that have opened up in parts of far-east Asia.
Carole Middleton and Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo are also on standby.
Pippa, 31, will be close at hand when the baby arrives.
Carole is expected to help Prince George adjust to life as a big brother.
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters.
To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
Nasa's ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on Mars by the 2030s.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women.
The newspaper was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper.
Last year, the award went to The Washington Post and The Guardian for their coverage of National Security Agency documents leaked by the former government contractor Edward J. Snowden.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory.
He struggled to make small talk when he met 62-year-old Hungarian.
Mr Farage was campaigning with Ukip MP Douglas Carswell who hopes to hold the seat he won after defecting from the Tories last year.
George and Amal submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema.
The couple's £10m Grade-II listed Berkshire abode will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool.
Cinemas can cost anything from a few thousand to £100,000 to kit out.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Bnei Brak, Israel.
He has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images.
The photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
He has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.
Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16.
In some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
The Queen rode her filly, Ring of Truth, at Newbury today.
The 88-year-old monarch appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers.
Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post.
Newbury Racecourse is currently hosting the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials.
Mike Ashley has agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea for £200million.
The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment.
Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire.
Newcastle fans held a protest urging fellow supporters to'show Ashley the red card'
Andy Goode accused Christian Wade of having 'bad values' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the Matt Hampson Foundation.
The event was named after the former England U21 prop.
Wade pulled out because of an injury rehabilitation session the following morning.
Wasps’ European exit highlighted the financial gulf between English and French clubs.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women.
They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness.
Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
Findings suggest women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against West Indies.
Both batsmen have phenomenal Test records against Australia.
Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century.
Trott was very much in the mould of South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night.
Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near the Russian's left eye early in the second.
Provodnikov landed several punches but couldn't knock down his Argentine opponent down.
The night's undercard was quickly decided when Patrick Teixeira won with a second-round knockout of Patrick Allotey.
Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
The Brazilian has been substituted or named substitute in 10 of Chelsea’s last 11 fixtures.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
He took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three.
Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend.
The Jamaican sprinter is the world's fastest man.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful.
Schofield is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013.
The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes.
Judge George O'Toole told jurors in U.S. District Court in Boston they are not to attend this year's race or related events.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them.
Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Police and WorkCover NSW are investigating the incident and a report will be prepared for the Coroner.
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane.
The final opponent to the move, Archway Sheet Metal Works, is being demolished.
Archway asked a judge to quash a decision to confirm the compulsory purchase order but failed.
Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon.
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Tesco Finest Apple & Cinnamon Hot Cross Buns cost £1.50 for four.
Fortnum & Mason Sir Nigel’s Marmalade Hot Cross Bun costs £5.95.
Andy Jordan has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear.
He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London.
The reality TV star also co-owns a surf school in Devon.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts.
When he tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck.
His wife Bonnie, 67, posted the two-minute clip on Facebook.
It has been viewed almost 30 million times.
Leslie Cooper, 36, will be charged over the suspected murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
Second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut.
Pilot was alerted to potential loss of cabin pressure on Wednesday.
Three passengers lost consciousness and others began to feel dizzy and sick.
Plane plunged 30,000 feet in just eight minutes before landing in Buffalo.
No mechanical faults have been found on the aircraft.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya.
She failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place.
Her father Lachhu said child marriage was a common phenomenon in their society.
Between 2011 and 2020 more than 140 million girls will become child brides.
Peter Alliss, 84, has said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women's membership.
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
But the Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
Mr Alliss claimed that tens of thousands of members of the Ladies’ Golf Union have deserted the organisation since the rules came into force.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.
The bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across border in Ukraine.
Film is about female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops.
It is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived.
Despite freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.
The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw.
So far only Mrs Peppel's death has been classified as a homicide- suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide.
Friends and neighbors remembered the couple as outgoing and friendly, others admitted that the Peppelmans were going through a rough patch.
Mortein has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott.
The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive.
A spokeswoman for Mortein told Daily Mail Australia the post has since been removed, and apologised for any offence caused.
Police discovered the body of a female at a national park on Friday.
With just 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck.
Latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent.
But punters are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories.
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds.
He prunes and guides the branches into shape before grafting them together.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces.
Mr Munro hopes to harvest 400 tables, chairs and lampshades next year.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning.
Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5.
Mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust.
She says seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'
Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
He faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted of the murder of 49 Jews.
Another Holocaust survivor has called for the trial to end.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez's Extra programme on Wednesday.
The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Pacquiao and Lopez know each other from training in the same gym.
Birmingham topped league table for highest number of rat exterminations.
London Borough of Southwark has most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs.
Newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the country.
Five per cent of residents in Newcastle called in pest inspectors last year.
Number of ant infestations reported has shot up three-fold in four years.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns.
The online search giant parachuted top talent into both.
Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge.
Employees of the Silicon Valley behemoth have been in the White House more than 230 times since Obama took office – approximately once per week.
Hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
In Slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations.
A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'
Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
West was arrested and charged withmenacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after shooting her husband while he was sleeping in 2013.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict her of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris.
Decades before, in 1985, Colleen Harris shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her.
Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday night.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brought down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty.
Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma scored the only goal of the game with just three minutes on the clock.
Manny Pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
He uploaded a picture to Instagram of one of the shirts, named 'fight gear' on the website selling the merchandise.
The cheapest shirt has an 'M' for Mayweather over a 'P' for Pacquio.
Gunfights broke out and vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area.
Authorities said by the afternoon the situation was brought under control.
Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured, the Tamaulipas state government said in a statement.
David Curry, 49, was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth.
He was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £40 trousers.
Pub chain has apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place since 2013.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain.
This increases the size of areas that contribute to balance.
It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age.
Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat.
Destiny's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend.
It was the first time Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at Super Bowl in 2013 in New Orleans.
Beyonce and Kelly joined Michelle to surprise the crowd,and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song 'Alpha & Omega'
The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team.
The Saracens flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game.
Burger will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday off the back of a performance against Harlequins at Wembley last Saturday.
Claudia Alende, 21, came second in last year's beauty pageant.
She launched scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho.
Carvalho, 23, posted racy picture on Good Friday - day Catholics remember crucifixion and death of Christ.
But paintings prompted tirade of disapproval from her followers.
Many accused Miss BumBum winner of disrespect and religious sacrilege.
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer.
The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.
Police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
Doctors have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back.
His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea.
He was sentenced to life in prison in 1972 and was 30 years old at the time.
Davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates.
The Manson family planned to rob Hinman, a friend, but killed him after holding him two days because he said he didn't have money.
Robbie Fowler has named his Legends XI for his 40th birthday.
The Liverpool and FIFA 15 Ultimate Team Legend has picked his XI.
Fowler has picked five players who featured during his era.
Click here for more Liverpool news.
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, tipped the scales at 70st at his heaviest.
He lost 46st in five years after gastric bypass surgery in 2010.
But NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of excess skin.
Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
David Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.
He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment.
Claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of leadership ambitions of Sajid Javid.
It is designed to tackle the Tories' long-standing difficulty in attracting support.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park.
Ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation.
Sheikh has business interests including Godolphin horseracing stables.
But neighbours are worried their road will be spoilt by 120 cars arriving each day.
Sir Philip Carter passed away on Thursday aged 87.
Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday.
Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year.
This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon.
The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection.
Andy Murray and Tomas Berdych meet in the semi-final of the Miami Open.
The Brit met Berdychy at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
Murray's fiance Kim Sears was caught shouting expletives towards the Czech powerhouse.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea's upcoming Premier League matches against west London rivals Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Christian Longo was sentenced to death for murdering his family in Oregon in 2001.
He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter.
Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released.
Bayern Munich lost 1-0 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with.
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui says reaching the semi-finals would be a dream come true.
Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for Porto.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car.
Video shows Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him.
Slager was fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder on Tuesday.
National Bar Association officials have called for the second officer connected to the fatal shooting to be arrested.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past.
She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse.
The aspiring designer was mortally wounded and taken to University Medical Center where she died.
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep.
The gruesome campaign shows vegan lead guitarist Jona Weinhofen, holding a severed lamb alongside the words, 'here's the rest of your wool coat'
PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed 'the realities of the Australian wool industry'
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975.
The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared.
Magistrate Sharon Freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide.
Marian had only been living in Australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to Matravill High School with her friend Tanya Davenport.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone.
The large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents.
According to data released by the Ministry of Defence, some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight.
She was pounced on by the Jack Russell which bit her face.
Her father heard her screaming and kicked the dog away from her.
The dog's owner called the dog back and fled the scene.
Sunderland face Newcastle at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win against the Magpies.
The Black Cats have won the last four meetings against Newcastle.
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20 - 45 years' in jail for killing Francesca Weatherhead.
Mrs Weatherhead, 25, was killed when he collided with her vehicle while fleeing police.
McCallum had been paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on his latest break-in and drug possession arrest.
He was released just months later after the Michigan Department of Corrections decided he successfully passed the program.
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.
At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and an embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor.
NATO confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier, as is the coalition's policy.
Aaron Hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded.
Earlier today, the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
Following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas.
Froch was forced to withdraw with a shoulder injury.
Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday.
The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London's exclusive Knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990.
Now this newly refurbished five bedroom, five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star.
Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached almost 20st.
She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks.
But after ditching the snacks Leanne has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st.
Juventus have made a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala.
The 21-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Arsenal.
Barcelona continue to resist Real Madrid's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the club on Wednesday.
Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels'
It said children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.
PomeGreat ‘Super Juice’ had 12.1g, which is more than a can of Coca-Cola.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black.
The world No 3 realised what he had done and chuckled.
Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.
A video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube.
The uncomfortable footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male.
He gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her.
Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'Would you report it?'
Aldi increased its share of the premium ale market by a third.
Tesco still has the biggest share of market, which has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year.
The discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent.
It's another chapter in the rise of discounters stealing market share from the big three.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down.
The world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field.
Martin Kaymer, Luke Donald and Patrick Reed have confirmed their participation.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car outside their Phoenix home on Monday.
Police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep, police say.
Koryor is said to have admitted to drinking in the afternoon and going to sleep inside the home, located on Raymond Street, near 75th
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, carried out the attack.
He went back to Ian Garrod's home in Medway for sex in September last year.
When the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat.
Dunn, who was high on Class A Mephedrone, fled with victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim, but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound.
Judge Jeremy Carey told Dunn he had narrowly decided
Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism.
It has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off.
Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for 2016 summer games in Rio.
The Belfast boys are currently on a road trip to Maiquetia, northern Venezuela.
Barnes is an undefeated 6-0 and Conlan is a two-time Olympic medallist.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course.
Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops.
The mistake is on the left sleeve to 'boost morale' within the force.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute.
Referee Lee Mason did not point to the spot for the Magpies.
Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville has laid into Mason.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday.
Her father Robert said it is especially painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
The 26-year-old was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue.
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.
John Carver's side are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away.
Dick Advocaat's side have won just four times all season.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months.
They stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Birmingham.
Lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph.
Forensic experts discovered Lundie's DNA inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups.
Money is needed to pay for Trust's staff, branding materials and PR.
Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate.
Dylan and her Paul, 44, confirmed to People on Wednesday afternoon that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies.
He has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell in Bedford Prison.
Former friend says he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Lynch, 34, is in constant communication with more than 400 'friends'
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said.
Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
Bayern Munich host Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
Real Madrid will feel like they have got over their biggest hurdle.
Juventus will be delighted to fast-forward to the penalty shootout.
Video features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage.
It is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.
The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition.
Flight 271 from Paris to Newark, New Jersey was diverted to Boston.
Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with minor injuries.
Delta said 180 passengers and 11 crew members were aboard.
One passenger said it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband’s plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.
He was branded the ‘Man with No Shame’ after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Pippa Middleton said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies.
Yoomi's self-warming bottle promises to warm a baby's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds.
Gerry the Giraffe attaches to car seat, cribs and baby bouncers to rock the baby for up to 30 minutes - just enough time to get your nails done.
Billy Vunipola was cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head.
The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park.
Temperatures this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures.
Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
Met Office has a severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
Comes after Britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts.
Experts say dry foods, like cookies, are less hazardous and can be OK, according to health experts.
More than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in Australia every year, with 31,920 hospitalisations and 82 deaths.
Sarah Stage, 30, is a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles.
She has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
Vaccines had no effect on autism risk, whether or not a sibling in the family was diagnosed.
Fears about vaccines and autism began to spread after the publication in 1998 of an article by Andrew Wakefield that purported to find a link between the MMR vaccine and autism in 12 children.
As the author, Wakefield was stripped of his medical license.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid.
Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
Kaufman also accused of running up a $1,382 bar tab at the Warwick nightclub in Hollywood.
George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office.
His nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy.
In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him.
Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around.
Prime Minister and wife Samantha joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara.
They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book.
It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Mr Cameron told the audience the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.
They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.
Ten of these would be deemed ‘not at risk’, two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’
It follows a conservation ‘success story’ that raised numbers to 90,000.
Experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds'
McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo.
Mayweather is currently in training for his $300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao next month.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Atletico Madrid.
The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece.
But it was a different story before the game as Ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a supporter.
After completing his warm-up routine Ronaldo went over to the touchline and lifted off his training shirt.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government.
The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season.
Chelsea want at least £10million for Cech, and would have to sell to a direct rival for the goalkeeper to end up at the Emirates.
Czech Republic international Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to Thibaut Courtois.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation.
The game will take place at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg.
More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.
The victim's identity has not been released.
Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument.
Figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers' money paid to dentists for NHS work.
Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients.
Campaigners said the payments were'scandalous' and 'unacceptable'
Michael Vaughan has spoken to the ECB about the role of director of England cricket.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ECB.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have both registered their interest.
Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear collection.
The lingerie and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude.
Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
Grealish is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season.
Jenkinson was in the same predicament when he had to choose between Finland and England in 2012.
The 23-year-old is keen to lead his country to glory at the Under 21s European Championships in Czech Republic.
Bentleys and Porsches are more likely to break down than cheaper cars.
List price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed.
Most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota third.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was 'ugly'
The concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.
The picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’
He accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him.
Redknapp left the club in February citing knee problems.
Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game.
Manchester United's Under 21 side drew 1-1 at Leicester, although Rafael and Adnan Januzaj both limped off.
Van Persie has been out of action since February with an ankle injury.
Sean Goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past Leicester's defence.
Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Leicester playmaker Anthony Knockaert.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners.
He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012.
His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues led to them being sacked and charged with fraud.
It was only when Mason pleaded guilty in September that the case against them was dropped at the Old Bailey.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud.
New book claims he put pressure on an Israeli model to sleep with him.
He is said to have met Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997.
Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend.
Dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong.
The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively.
Looking up at Eric in excitement, the dog waits for the trainer to say ‘one’ and complete a press-up before following suit and completing one of its own.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
Participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
They also believed that the person they were with was warmer and more likeable.
John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit.
Celtic have written to the SFA seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand Josh Meekings used to block a Leigh Griffiths shot.
Brown could rant at refs with the best of them during his time in charge of Dundee.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March.
Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart.
But it now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US.
While in the UK the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92.
By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion.
But the signings of Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski helped Bayern Munich re-establish their dominance.
Here we take a look at four players who could follow Klopp out of the club.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.
The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State.
Kentucky finished the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since 1975-76.
Mike Hand has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour.
The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery.
But he and his wife Kate have been told they aren't eligible for a grant.
They say they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today.
Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
'Climate change can no longer be denied,' he
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The 64-year-old has worked five of Mayweather's previous fights.
Bayless will pocket $25,000 for the night's work, while judges Dave Moretti, Glenn Feldman and Burt Clements will each receive $20,000.
Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from the appointment of Bayless.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
The 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with Liverpool and Everton.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona's Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Amanda Richards hit out at Lane Bryant's recent I’m No Angel lingerie campaign.
The clothing store, which carries US sizes 14 to 28, has been applauded for the new campaign, which shows plus-size models looking sexy in the brand's lingerie.
But Amanda says it's not healthy or progressive to pit fat bodies against thin bodies.
Kestrel and barn owl caught on camera fighting over nesting box.
The two birds of prey repeatedly lunged at each other in a vicious scrap.
Despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets.
He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but struggled.
A cop and a case manager then looked into his past.
They found a previously lost bank account with money and social security benefits.
Helinksi is now looking for permanent accommodation and is looking for a small apartment.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone.
She was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, south-east Florida.
After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.
Garcia is charged with child abuse for the incident.
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title.
Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town.
The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield.
Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy.
Judy Murray, 55, broke with tradition on Saturday by wearing a white coat, the same colour, as the stunning Jenny Packham gown worn by bride, Kim Sears.
She wore a nude pencil skirt and lace top as well as a hat by Scottish milliner William Chambers that resembled an oversized fascinator.
The bride and groom were cheered and showered with confetti as the left the cathedral in Andy’s hometown after the 45-minute ceremony.
England's withdrawal from the Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations.
Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke.
This is seen as another example of FA ‘arrogance’ following the English telling FIFA that they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries.
Pasco County Sheriff's office reported it has received death threats.
Deputy Kerry Kempink shot the dog while responding to call.
Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him.
He then turned his gun on the other which ran off.
The horrified owner, Carla Gloger, appeared moments later and shouted at the officer: 'They're not even vicious'
Sheriff Chris Nocco has defended his deputy's actions, claiming he acted in self-defense.
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters.
World number one is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory.
McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances.
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala.
Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.
Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
Two male suspects are now being sought by police.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight.
Walking Festival on the Isle of Wight offers the ideal chance to explore.
Cotswolds Olimpicks were started by local barrister Robert Dover.
Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow.
David Luiz was at fault for both of Neymar's goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League quarter-finals.
ITV pundit Roy Keane offered his sympathy to Luiz, describing the defender's performance as looking 'lost'
Neymar set the tone for the game when he slotted home the opener following some fine work from Andres Iniesta.
Frank Abagnale, 66, posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot in the 2002 Steven Spielberg film Catch Me If You Can.
He was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the film about his misspent youth as a conman.
But the conman turned fraud expert changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher at a town hall meeting.
The state's largest teacher's union is calling him out for his 'bullying' behavior.
'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association said.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War.
The complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs.
It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside, but this week the Pentagon announced that it will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the US military.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s.
The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo.
Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when eggs symbolised new life and hope.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident.
Her mom, Anna Moser, said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery.
Giles was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe.
He was on his way to England on Wednesday from Calais when he struck.
The career criminal was sentenced to a year behind bars in March.
But under the rules in Poland, he was supposed to take himself to jail.
Under the EU's free movement rules, there was nothing to stop him driving across Europe.
Huminski has a long criminal record in France and Poland, including once attacking a frail woman of 78 with a knife in her home.
Light general aviation aircraft approaches Aero Acres residential airpark.
Plane touches down without landing gear and skidded along runway on its belly.
Pilot re-engages engines and takes off back into the air.
Video maker describes the sound as 'one you will not forget'
The 50-year-old Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby.
Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, gorges on junk food in various states of undress.
The security guard says her fans love to watch her enjoying food.
Miss Reign has had eight squashing clients and some of them will not admit they love big women.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-0 at Turf Moor to move further clear of Manchester City.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for the Gunners with a header.
Sam Vokes and Kieran Trippier both missed chances for the Clarets.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife.
His mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword.
Police say they shot him with an'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
Survey of 1,000 people from across the country found 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they shop with friends.
Main reasons for this were said to be'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy'
Manchester City want more English players in their starting line-up.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets.
City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's Raheem Sterling.
Frank Lampard and James Milner are also targets for City.
Swansea City are interested in signing Schalke full back Christian Fuchs.
The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer.
Fuchs is renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing.
West Bromwich Albion are keen to sign Neil Taylor for £4million.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Despite Elliot's best efforts, Gemma keeps licking away.
Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight German commander.
Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war.
It is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds.
Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, said David, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon.
Daughter Harper, meanwhile, prefers'very strong and briny flavors' including oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso, and — not so unusually — chocolate.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester.
The pair had bought ecstasy from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web'
Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths.
He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening.
It said the he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne.
In character as his laddish alter-ego Dapper Laughs, he chatted up air hostesses.
The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member she was 'gagging for a rape'
O'Reilly resurrected his ‘ultimate lad’ character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work 'isn't finished' yet.
Colin Graves has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the England team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever.
Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman.
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen has been linked with a return to the national side recently.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.
Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but lost to Andrzej Fonfara.
There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline.
Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title is the biggest bout.
James DeGale has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new Liverpool home strip on Friday afternoon.
The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance.
New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers.
Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer.
John O'Connor said the fire and the raid could be linked.
The former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad said it was 'too much of a coincidence'
He added that to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime, the gang must have had some inside help.
Firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site.
Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan, has never lost a piece of luggage.
Staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards.
Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage, seven of the ten are located in Asia.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday.
He was charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempted to use a weapon of mass destruction.
The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley.
Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am.
A religious leader who had counseled the 'troubled' young man said that he was mentally ill.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season.
It is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer.
Cole admits he's in no position to ask his boss about an extension.
Allardyce's future is also in limbo.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School.
He 'used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing'
He was arrested on Wednesday and detained until he was released.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.
10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
The shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, the researchers say.
Figures come just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to A&Es are unnecessary.
National Union of Teachers says Prevent is shutting down debate in schools.
Teachers say they are now being forced to spy on children during discussions.
They fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions.
Tory spokesman says there is a need keep a'safe space' for discussion.
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year old woman following the drug bust in Katherine on Sunday.
Police pulled over an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway just before 1pm.
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
The pair were arrested and taken to Katherine Watch House.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, who suffers from lupus, discovered this note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio.
The note read: 'You should be ashamed! When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Her mother Corinna took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s.
At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny'
The search for Joe and Jenny continues.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month.
Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
Bradley had seven children and is expecting her eighth child in July.
Five of the other children — ages 1, 4, 5, 7 and 8 — were living with Bradley.
Billy Spears posed for the photograph with Snoop Dogg at South by Southwest in Austin.
Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him.
Snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Marouane Fellaini has been in brilliant form for Manchester United.
Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with the midfielder.
Chelsea goalkeeper believes Eden Hazard will double the PFA Player of the Year award.
Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with knee ligament damage.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Newcastle in the Premier League on Monday.
Ibe was awarded the Man-of-the-Match in the Merseyside derby in February.
Mario Balotelli has been sidelined for the last two games with illness.
Protests against the death of Freddie Gray, 25, descended into chaos on Saturday night.
After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards.
Spectators at the game were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police.
Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff.
Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
Will hail 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
The bodies of four people were found in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun.
Officers found a handgun near the man's body and are not seeking a suspect.
Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe.
Thiago Silva wants Barcelona to impose their style of play on him.
PSG beat Barcelona 4-0 in the group stages of the competition earlier this year.
Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters.
To highlight the geological features, the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)
The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT)
When it does, Messenger will be behind Mercury, and hidden from Earth.
Hibernian are currently second in the Championship.
The Easter Road club stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers.
Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash the profits levied from play-off finalists from 50 per cent to 25 per cent.
Private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends.
The only way to be 100 per cent sure that you don't have a digital footprint is not to have any digital photos taken.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger followed up his goal by hitting Twitter.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against Merson.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness.
She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
Rosie the Riveter was on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943, and became a symbol for feminism and economic power for American female workers.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram.
The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
His blossoming relationship with TOWIE's Lucy Mecklenburgh is sure to only fuel his habit.
Bath were beaten 18-15 by Leinster in the European Champions Cup.
Anthony Watson believes the pain of Bath's exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season's Aviva Premiership play-offs.
Bath have four games left in the Premiership.
The Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum.
It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie.
They are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now.
Nigel Farage has vowed he would stand down as Ukip leader if he fails to win Thanet South seat.
A private poll put the Conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin.
But UKIP MEP Diane James insisted the show would go on without him.
She named three possible successors to Mr Farage – deputy leader Paul Nuttall, economics spokesman Patrick O'Flynn and deputy chairman Suzanne Evans.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk.
She was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket.
Mother, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide.
But the charge was dropped after she told police she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends and later had a stillbirth.
Police have now ruled out any foul play.
Danny Ings' Real Sociedad contract expires in the summer.
Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest.
Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Workers underneath six-storey structure fled for their lives after collapse.
Fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to rest of building.
Incident is just yards from where underground cable fire ripped through Holborn.
Workmen have been on site for around five months and demolition was in progress.
The eagle gatecrashed a football team's training session and enjoyed a solo kick-about.
The bird appears to be a golden eagle, despite some speculation that it is a young bald.
After standing and shaking its head, the big bird moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot.
As the ball rolls away the members of the North Shore Football Club can be heard laughing.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester.
He spotted a friend waiting for a bus and shouted 'watch this'
He sped down road and overtook cars'recklessly' - narrowly avoiding traffic.
Moments later, he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64.
Mr Knight died instantly from his injuries at the scene on Stroud Road.
Hamilton abandoned the car nearby then fled the city and denied involvement.
Police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jon Jones on Monday.
They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash.
Jones handed himself in later the same day, withTMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center.
According to the warrant, the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver Buick SUV.
Rides at Flambards theme park in Cornwall will be tested over Easter period.
Reading on 'fright' decibels will be recorded as row develops over housing estate.
Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Leicester face Swansea at home on Saturday and Burnley at Everton.
The Foxes have won back-to-back matches and are two points from safety.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in the chase for survival.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
After retiring, Benaud became a commentary icon initially with the BBC in England and later in his native Australia.
Vonda Thedford, 55, was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.
When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
The legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in Puerto Rico, where many local farmers claimed to have
Borussia Dortmund beat Paderborn 2-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa were on target.
The win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday.
During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.
The one-handed shot traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court.
Just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
A man from central Queensland has been charged with torture.
A 29-year-old man was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital suffering from fractures, head injuries and burns.
The victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him.
Police arrested a 32-year old man from suburban Kepnock.
He will appear at Bundababerg Magistrates Court on Monday.
Barcelona and Bayern Munich face each other in the Champions League semi-final.
Real Madrid and Juventus will meet in the last eight on June 6.
Barcelona are favourites to win the competition.
Tristram Hunt was visiting a primary school in Derby when he was filmed.
He was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for.
Ukip spokesman claimed the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda'
But mother of the 10-year-old said: 'I can see the funny side, but it is a but embarrassing'
The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
Blood covered the boat which was anchored off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing.
The victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit.
The toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
She slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware.
The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China this week.
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape.
Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer.
Smith revealed on Twitter last October that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy.
She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft.
For her first assignment back, Smith will head to Hawaii and be with Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people.
She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him'
The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Also on Saturday, openly gay basketball star Jason Collins and openly gay Division I star Derrick Gordon arrived for the NCAA Final
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood.
The seedy motel was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its passing resemblance to the motel in the Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece 'Psycho'
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport.
Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old.
Poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
Jia Jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur he dug a hole in the garden.
He eventually made the journey by conventional means, and found a good life there.
But he wasn’t happy. He wanted to take risks, start his own company.
So, having possibly read one self-help book too many, Jia Jiang decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest.
Russell Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
He urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives.
While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java, Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars.
'These Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smuggling (they've done 10 yrs already) HELP!' Brand tweeted.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car.
Days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
It was eventually treated, via surgery, by a medical internist at Pilgrim Hospital in Boston, England.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon.
She helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center, North Dakota.
Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
He is thought to have seduced single Chepulsis while behind bars.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist.
Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful'
She said: 'It's been over seven months since she went missing and we don't know anything about her'
Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper and pal Craig Porter were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding.
He boasted about watching TV from prison and showed off his muscles.
Also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online.
Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership.
They kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens.
Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work.
He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract.
Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
The 21-year-old made 10 appearances during his loan spell.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, has been built a career on impersonating Taylor Swift.
The University of South Carolina student can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike.
Elizabeth started to learn to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, is recovering from Rhinoplasty.
The hairdresser has over 190,000 Instagram followers.
She is on a $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment at Aspen Dental.
But she was informed only available appointment was in 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find babysitter for her infant son, Attley.
Instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to facility.
Pair turned up shortly after - but midway through the appointment Attley started to create a fuss.
Dentist apparently did not mind Tayler nursing her son - and one even offered to halt treatment and return when she was finished.
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park.
He launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair.
But in a landmark ruling, appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision, accusing the judges of being 'out of touch'
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The driver used to date ex-Pussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.
But a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver.
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK'
Michelle Carter, 18, is accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III.
Police and prosecutors say the pair exchanged more than 1,000 text messages in the days leading up to his death in Fairhaven, Massachusetts.
Carter's defense attorney has requested the case be moved out of Bristol County because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin.
District attorney's office has filed a response arguing that the DA has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Hiroshi Ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for Minolta.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe.
Selfie sticks divide opinion - some people love them and others hate them.
But a growing number of venues and attractions have deemed them such a nuisance that they are banning their use.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month.
They were hospitalized after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in McComb, Mississippi.
Siblings were placed in medically-induced comas and put on life support.
But they are now facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues.
Now, their mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke Spice.
She said: 'Seeing my sons in hospital was 10 times worse than what those photos show'
Spice is mix of herbs sprayed with chemical to produce similar sensation to
Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry.
The journalist from Brooklyn, New York, went undercover to meet with an agent in India who offered to get her a baby in two to three months.
In the US, surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100,000, and Gianna explained that the reoccurring theme when speaking with American agents and experts about couples hiring surrogates from other countries was money.
Commercial surrogacy in India costs nearly one-sixth the amount it would in the Western World.
Kyle Iveson, 24, demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, 54.
He tried to disguise his identity by lowering his voice.
But she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police.
Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week.
Gunners boss was concerned over forward Theo Walcott's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for England in Turin.
England have not won away from home since 2012.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack.
Moeen Ali is a good spinner for England, even though he looked rusty on day one.
Mark Wood seems to have that different trajectory which should suit overseas pitches.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved.
But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since.
Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs.
Those are the lucky ones, others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves.
According to accounts by escapees, young women
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families.
At best, homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country.
Other options include staying on a coffee farm in Costa Rica and hanging out in the Australian outback.
Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at Medway Magistrates' Court.
They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.
He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Aidan Turner's Poldark co-star Heida Reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist.
The 27-year-old said Turner was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.
Miss Reed said Turner is 'completely baffled' by the level of attention.
She is currently starring in a play about revenge porn called Scarlet.
Number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology.
She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London.
Prime Minister insisted Coalition had spent five years 'trying to lift people up'
He said: 'Just because some people have disagreed with our policies, does not mean those policies are missing in moral content'
Comes as another senior Tory, chief whip Michael Gove, claimed Christians in Britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess.
The 24-year-old was a member of a gang responsible for selling class A drugs.
Officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang's'stash house' in Brent, north west London.
Beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23, for a total of 31 years at Blackfriars Crown Court, London, on Wednesday.
Rafa Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham.
The Spaniard has won the Champions League and the Coppa Italia.
Benitez is unlikely to be sworn in at any of Liverpool's top-four rivals.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving his car into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester.
He drove up to the club doors at a low speed before nudging them.
Totton tried to claim the attack had been meant as 'a joke'
But a judge ruled otherwise and banned him from driving for three years.
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like Walford's Martin Fowler.
Eastenders star Ross Kemp, 50, looks strikingly similar to Hollywood hard man Bruce Willis, 60.
Gillian Taylforth, 59, is another former Eastenders star with an A-list doppelgänger.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24.
None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years.
One even had a son with him.
Women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them.
They have now set up an online Facebook group so they can all chat.
Order was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested.
WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians.
Order is one of the only copies of Doenitz's dispatch known to exist today.
It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams.
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season.
Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The 33-year-old will take up a new role with the SRU.
A 26-year-old man has been identified as Chris Blowes.
The man was attacked at Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia.
Witnesses said the six-metre shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
He remains in a critical condition.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback.
The decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales.
Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners, specifically aspartame.
Martin Vargic, a graphic designer from Slovakia, has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE.
He used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future.
The results suggest that many of the most distinctive  constellations will become almost unrecognisable.
Some may need to be renamed entirely, according to new experimental evidence.
Some hospitals are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye.
It raises suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
NHS recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year at a cost of £6,000 each.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone.
The accident in Mendocino County is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument.
Instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia.
Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet.
FC United of Manchester's Broadhurst Park is nearing completion.
The 5,000-capacity stadium cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m.
Broadhurst is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford.
General manager Andy Walsh says the club are ambitious for progress.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph.
It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20am in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday.
The 44-year-old driver of the SUV, who allegedly has a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage.
Young waitress claims Aaron Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top.
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police.
Lennon, 28, is on loan to Everton and is on trial for assault.
He is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends.
Later in the evening, waitress claimed to have been attacked in VIP section.
She was interviewed by Greater Manchester Police four days later.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all.
The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition.
Kris claimed she'd never been approached for a comment,
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City.
This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5.
Dr. Brandt was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff, on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Fey has won eight Emmy awards for her work on 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 sold out within a minute of going on sale.
Just minutes after 8pm, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market.
One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $70,790 (£47,000) on StubHub.
Super-ringside tickets costing $10,000 (£6,600) were not released for public sale.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone.
At his largest he would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them.
His wife Debbie, also 56, weighed 18 stone and was 38st.
Tony lost 21st slimming down from 38st to 17st in three years.
Video maker holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another.
The video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles.
He initially uploaded the video to Reddit and claims to be have been influenced by Japanese comics.
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens.
He exclaims: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’
It’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
The unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction.
This is when a second oocyte is released by the hen's ovary before the first egg
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl.
The 37-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.
Her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
Today Ms Hindle's partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning.
The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
European Space Agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help.
It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.
Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
Mission will take place in two parts, and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission.
Alice Dreger took to Twitter to express her horror at what she heard at East Lansing High School, Michigan.
She began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
The school has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it just happened to be that day's lesson.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday.
The Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
Pelle scored a fine, glancing header in the Azzurri's draw.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao'
Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season.
The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals this term.
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender.
When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today,' followed by three smiley faces.
Followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture, prompting her to respond: 'I'm so relieved'
However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High
Olivia Grant was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort in Phuket.
The resort features a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya.
Each villa has their own saltwater private infinity pool facing out on to the Andaman Sea.
Nina Pham contracted Ebola while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan, the first U.S. patient to die from the deadly disease.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Pham.
Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Ruby Walsh, riding Arctic Fire, fell at the final hurdle to take the win.
The Irishman will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'
He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E.
He said: 'It really shows the level our society has been infiltrated'
Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and he no longer held those views.
The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Simon Cowell.
The wildlife expert runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey.
He accesses the cub and notes that it is quite young and without any signs of damage.
Mr Cowell then sends the fox on its way and tells it to go back to its mother.
Juan Mata has scored two goals in his last five games for Manchester United.
The Spaniard was substituted by Jose Mourinho at Southampton last year.
Mata is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
He began the season believing United could win the league this year with no European commitments.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow.
The 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house.
But Age UK cleared it out and her beloved dog Mitzy was re-homed.
She returned to find the house empty and says the worst thing was losing her dog.
Age UK have apologised and said it has reviewed its procedures since the incident.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans.
New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral kimonos.
Says she designs everything with her customers in mind.
Number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter.
Value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million.
Product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham.
But even TOWIE crew admit the look can easily go wrong.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around.
Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item.
Confusing processes were also identified as a major deterrent.
General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault.
Energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target.
He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics.
The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013.
She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer.
Her return to action sets up a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson.
Michael Rogan, 42, died early on Friday after the accident near Cleveland, Wisconsin.
His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, giving birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise.
Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour.
The jury found Storey liable for some $240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest.
Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
AP McCoy finished third in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
The 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the Champion Jockey trophy.
McCoy is an Arsenal fanatic.
Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
Almonds are high in vitamin E, which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin.
Vitamin C boosts absorption of iron from non-meat sources.
Walnuts have also been shown to help protect against heart disease.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Kim Sei-young shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the ANA Inspiration.
The South Korean led by two shots at the halfway stage.
Kim is in good spirits as she chases her first LPGA major victory.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the moonwalk on Instagram.
The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury.
Liverpool face Newcastle in their next Premier League outing.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the off-season program.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized.
Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets.
He was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team.
Richie Benaud was farewelled at a quiet family funeral in Sydney's eastern suburbs on Wednesday.
The 84-year-old former Test captain was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne.
Daphne Benaud had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral, which Mrs Benaud politely declined.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence.
He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
Greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach.
The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Phil Jagielka scored his fifth goal of the season for the Toffees.
James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling pressure.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February.
Her car had gotten stuck between the railroad crossings and instead of reversing she drove on to the tracks.
The cause of the collision remains unknown and Brody's daughters remain adamant that their mother never meant to hurt anyone.
'A lot of times people just want to find a reason,' Danielle Brody said.
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012.
The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters.
Juan Bernat played in the Champions League and is the latest in a string of thriving Spaniards.
Eight of Spain U21's starting line-up at the 2013 Euros, only De Gea hasn't played UEFA football this season.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for Luke continues.
The 11-year-old, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
Kim Min Hyeok plays for Sagan Tosu in Japan's J-League.
The 23-year-old allegedly stamped on the face of opponent Mu Kanazaki.
Hyeok was only shown a yellow card for the challenge that infuriated fans.
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning Manchester United into Champions League.
The Dutchman's aim is to restore them to the Premier League top four.
United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa took them third, eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool in the table.
Van Gaal has found the shape and system that best makes use of the resources at his disposal.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane.
The video - filmed April 19 - quickly garnered dozens of 'Likes' on Facebook, with one commenter musing: 'Heavy bags need big muscles'
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head while waiting in a Las Vegas hotel buffet line on Easter Sunday.
In a 270 page package delivered to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Noble said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the M Resort's buffet for harassing female employees.
Also included a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse'
In the package, Noble included a huge dossier on the members of staff at the resort he blamed for having his free food pass revoked.
On Easter Sunday, just hours before he
Danny Alexander and Brooke Magnanti were pictured at Bar One in Inverness.
The two were snapped at the Nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the Highlands.
It comes as David Cameron faced a growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' campaign.
Conor McGregor is preparing to face Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
The 26-year-old Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest.
McGregor has also revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open for the last time in July.
Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course.
Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle, Western Cornwall.
As 'Tri-service Safety Officer', he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages.
Devon and Cornwall assistant chief constable Paul Netherton said there were plans to introduce the post to other areas.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from home in Chatham, Kent, to join ISIS.
She is believed to have been filmed leading al-Khanssaa Brigade in Syria.
Mother-of-two is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants.
Experts say slicky-edited video is first'real evidence' which shows Jones is involved with brigade at 'high level'
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.
Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
Talley was born on May 23, 1899 and credits her long life to her faith.
The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent.
Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven.
From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island, where the beautiful Shipwreck Beach is found.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to Rangers after three successive wins.
The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season.
McCall is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar'
Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by billionaire Bernard Arnault.
Mr Arnault's wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March.
Paul Scholes says Di Maria's red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to fringe players.
Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment.
A note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
Two Ryanair planes collided at Dublin Airport this morning.
Passengers escaped injury after the planes clipped wings on a taxiway.
It's the second time in six months two planes have collided at the airport.
The Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
Blogger David Tyrer of Live4Liverpool gives the view from Merseyside.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Jenson Button failed to complete the qualifying session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was given a lift back to the pits after his engine failure.
Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to the nursery.
She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back.
Crossland, whose parents made over a million on the lotto, handed back the cash.
Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Freddie Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death.
Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
But commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
Batts addressed a news conference in Baltimore on Friday amid growing calls for him to step down.
Gray was arrested April 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away, police said.
Officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into a police van.
While inside, he became irate and leg cuffs
The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum.
The Negroni contains equal parts gin, Campari and sweet vermouth.
Death In The Afternoon is a classic concoction of champagne and absinthe.
Jungle Juice is made by steeping fruits overnight in 100 per cent grain alcohol.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title.
Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Chelsea for a long, long time.
Ferreira followed Mourinho from Porto in 2004 before spending nine years in west London.
Rep Darrell Issa asked Clinton about use of personal email in December 2012.
But he didn't receive any answer until Clinton had left the department.
Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign.
Clinton has confirmed she exclusively used her private account.
Luke Shambrook went missing from a campsite in Victoria on Friday.
He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week.
Woods shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday.
Phil Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round.
Justin Rose is four shots off the pace and in contention.
Documents include flightplan, eyewitness account of bombing and log books.
They were compiled by co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber which carried out mission.
Captain Robert Lewis, who died in 1983, chose not to cash in on fame.
An estimated 150,000 people died when US bombed Hiroshima in 1945.
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over.
Court records show he had already been jailed three times for missing payments.
But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face court judge.
His last payment was only in 2012, and he was jailed for six months.
Police dashboard camera video released Thursday shows Scott bolting from his Mercedes.
He is shot dead by Officer Michael Slager, who has been charged with his murder.
Scott Stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man.
He rifled through his 22-year-old victim's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4.
Stephenson and friend Dale Walker found the man but abandoned him.
Post mortem revealed he had died from hypothermia during the cold December night.
Jaime Hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'
She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
Uber has since wiped the bill and offered to pay her the original $15 refund but Ms Hessel said she now feels she can't trust them with her new card details.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie.
He is serving a life sentence without parole.
'He said if I ever tried to take his daughter away from him that he would kill me,' Casey said.
Tipu Sultan, 32, was shot dead outside Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields.
The father-of-two was originally from Bangladesh and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area.
Today there is a heavy police presence in the area with the lane behind the takeaway completely taped off.
Unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over.
Earlier this week SpaceX released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Despite being destroyed, the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown.
Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' as his side prepare to face Barcelona.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach.
The former European champions are in last place with six matches left.
Labbadia returns to Hamburg for a second spell after coaching the club for one season in 2009-10.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery.
Among them were pieces up to 3,500 years old.
The collection is to go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house on Thursday.
It includes rings, bracelets, pendants and earrings.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature.
If it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
And if it gets hot, it engages its Anti-Freeze protection mode.
Optimal will be available for pre-order for Apple, Samsung, Nexus, HTC & Xperia phones.
Amited is launching an Indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case.
Arsenal Under-21s fell to a 3-2 defeat by Middlesbrough on Monday night.
Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down Boro's Harry Chapman in the box.
Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper Matt Macey.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting Sophie Cahill, 31, in February.
The former Another Level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault.
He answered his police bail last Thursday and today Scotland Yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south London next month.
Bowers and Ms Cahill got engaged in December 2013 when he popped the question during a sunshine winter break in Tenerife.
Garry Monk's Swansea are currently in eighth place in the Premier League.
The Swans have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12.
Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull on Saturday.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning.
She managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely.
But all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble.
Dixon has since started a GoFundMe page which on Sunday had raised $4,619 in donations.
Don the border collie was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank, on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier.
The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.
Don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks.
Traffic Scotland tweeted the news that a dog had 'taken control of a tractor'
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King church in Ann Arbor, Michigan, has told parishioners to carry guns.
He warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
His letter was called ‘We’re not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto’ in a reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 will cost US viewers up to $100.
The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70)
The price represents almost a 40 per cent increase on the previous high of $64.95 (43.83) for the fight against Canelo Alvarez in September 2013.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney has revealed that United set out to exploit City's work-shy midfield.
The United captain said his team's game plan was to target City.
Ashley Young said United fans were the loudest he's ever heard them.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone.
She was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father.
Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first few months of university.
Spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
Despite saving for course, Amelia was forced to get a part-time job.
Now a consultant, Amelia is helping other people lose weight through Cambridge Weight Plan.
Richard Graham faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey High Court order to take down Twitter posts.
Old Etonian former diplomat accused of posting the tweets to 'ingratiate himself' with voters.
He is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester.
Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system.
It comes less than six months after she told the head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Net long-term migration to the UK was estimated to be 298,000 in the year ending September 2014, a major rise on the 210,000 figure a year earlier.
Benidorm is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status.
High rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s wants same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China.
Sociology professor Mario Gaviria argues that Benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all.
Ellie Laing, SBS news reporter, has hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains in an open letter to critics.
The article was written by Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS.
Carroll was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists.
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims.
NAD has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history.
Smith said he understood why Cari Champion disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach has taken a 'good vs. evil' approach to the fight, claiming Pacquiao represents good and Mayweather represents evil.
The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a Dominican woman in her late 30s.
She invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn.
The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in new campaign.
Stars in lingerie giant's new Dream Angels range.
Each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella for free.
Described as the brand's most romantic collection yet.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup.
He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament.
Phillips was also with England in 1974, alongside Kevin Keegan.
Adam Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future.
The 27-year-old was suspended by the club after his arrest on March 2.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch off lottery ticket.
The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday.
Her friend has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980.
They made up 8.7 per cent in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.
Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population.
The majority of the 40 million US-born African Americans trace their heritage to African ancestors brought to America as slaves.
Stephanie Flanders broke her silence over her fling with Ed Miliband.
She made headlines last week after it emerged she had been'secretly' dating the Labour leader.
Mrs Miliband revealed the couple had first met at a London dinner party.
Miss Flanders, 46, accused the media of ‘raking over’ Mr Miliband’s past.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall.
Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you for this'
Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job.
Nathan Allan de Souza will join Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense.
The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football.
Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
He will join compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust.
His ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to find she also had the STD.
Stuart was sitting backstage with his new 'wife' Linda and burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980.
In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods.
For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen.
At the same time, detectives from the same Parish never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated in a field.
DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing Carol's DNA.
New attention to the case has brought forward a potential suspect
Parents struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children.
Many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius.
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS.
This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year.
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
A programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested and subsequently treated with antibiotics.
Chris Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February.
West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job.
Ramsey believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open.
The British No1 will marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
Murray will be heading straight to the airport to get back and focus on what lies ahead next weekend.
Survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four had sympathy for ISIS.
Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for Jihadi John.
One-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims.
Survation study also found 44 per cent felt they were more suspicious of Muslims.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons.
Murphy has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
Catalans hit back to lead 8-6 - with scrum-half Scott Dureau bagging all of their points.
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove.
The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate.
By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Sarah Wilson, 41, has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness.
She revealed she came close to taking her own life during a candid interview.
Ms Wilson revealed it was a combination of issues, including mounting stress, anxiety, her thyroid disease and distant family, that drove her to believe her life was no longer worth living.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning.
Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality.
The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October.
Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking.
They discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
She was remanded on bail to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court last week.
But failed to show and police issued an arrest warrant for her.
Driscoll is now wanted by police on seven drug charges, one of unlawful wounding and three charges.
Adam Leheup, 34, met his alleged victim on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app.
They met under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar.
Leheup is a University of Greenwich graduate and technical co-ordinator on the £500m Nine Elms Point development.
He denies raping the 25-year-old woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead were all but extinguished.
But Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe'
The 26-year-old feels such strength in depth can only be positive for the squad.
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia.
Emanuel was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates.
The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago.
Lord Greville Janner is accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s.
His alleged victims could bring civil claims against him, lawyer says.
Lord Janner has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems.
But he could still face civil action from complainants if evidence is uncovered.
Legal firm Slater & Gordon representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner.
Sam Allardyce's current contract expires at the end of the season.
Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement.
The Swansea boss insists West Ham have a perfect manager in place.
Allardyce has overseen a solid season in the league so far this term.
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne five times in the shoulder, chest and back.
She pleaded not guilty to her partner's murder on the basis of self-defence.
But after five days of deliberation, a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter.
Ms Silva escaped a jail term, after the judge found the killing was done in the most 'extreme circumstances'
Charlotte Bevan, 30, had come off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born.
Four days after birth, she walked out of Bristol maternity hospital.
The next day, police found her body two miles away on cliff face.
Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia.
She grabbed Stars and Stripes and refused to return it to student demonstrators.
Video footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her to the ground.
In response, Manhart says the flag belongs to 'the entire United States'
She has come under fire for standing up for her beliefs before.
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.
Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation's bunnies into giants.
Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, East Yorkshire, claimed £20 Tesco clothes horse.
She had taken it home because she thought it had been left by its owner.
But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage.
They tracked down 32-year-old care worker before taking her off train.
Miss Craven accused of trying to shield the item from CCTV as she walked off.
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite advancing years.
What is the point of Formula One?
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause.
The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Last year, the United Nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war.
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season.
Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest.
Jodi Arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform.
She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday.
Fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James.
Hussain and James were hunted by police for gunning down Sabrina Moss.
Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder in Kilburn, north west London.
The men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar.
Miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette, then 24, was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off
Girl, six, sexually assaulted by boy of the same age in classroom and playground.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten.
Girl's mother says officials have made her feel 'like she was in the wrong'
She has now had to move her daughter to another school.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences.
37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life.
They were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters.
Among those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamed Soltan.
Soltan's family called for Mohamed's immediate release in a statement.
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up.
Head coach Dick Advocaat will be without Wes Brown, who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem.
Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday's derby trip to Sunderland.
Midfielder Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem.
Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and The Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah would be taking over.
Stewart will be replaced by Noah, who has been accused of antisemitism for comments made about Jews in tweets dating back to 2009.
Fourteen soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine.
Investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
French president today said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy'
French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for long weekend.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.
Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999.
53 per cent claimed they had never even considered teaching them.
But nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency.
Model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages.
Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy'
Pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
Hull are currently in 15th place in the Premier League table.
Steve Bruce's side have lost five of their last eight matches.
David Meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight.
Hull face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home in Macon, Georgia.
The 50-year-old's home on North Pine Knoll Drive was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog.
Deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats.
Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal Welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for
Aaron Hernandez was taken to the MCI Cedar Junction prison in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
The prison is just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium, where Hernandez used to play for the New England Patriots.
Hernandez hasn't set foot in the stadium since June 2013, when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fianceé at the time.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot male home invader Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.
Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
His injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive.
Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce.
Kumar Sangakkara will retire from limited overs cricket on March 18.
The 37-year-old scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May.
She blamed her uncontrollable shaking on her shock but feared something else was to blame.
Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder.
The condition covers a range of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain.
Mrs Rawcliffe is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter.
A recent study of more than 1,000 Australian parents found that a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies.
The study found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance'more important' things in the last week than had men.
Dr Paula Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
She says it's important to create space for the things we love to be happy.
Khloe Kardashian posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night.
While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism.
Some critics went after her privileged background and accused her of insincerity.
Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of responses with a Tweet that read: 'Yall are too much'
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates, 73.
Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground.
Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley.
He is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week.
Exeter Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park.
David Ewers scored and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead.
Exeter will take on Gloucester in the European Challenge Cup.
Premier League club are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season.
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday.
It was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law.
West Ham defended their position in a lengthy statement about the Olympic Stadium deal.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11.
The couple have taken a low-key approach when it comes to who to invite.
Jamie Delgado is a close friend of Murray's but celebrity pals such as James Corden won't be attending.
Leonardo Ulloa gave Leicester the lead from Wes Morgan's knock down.
The Leicester hitman was sent on for the injured David Nugent.
Andy King scored a late second goal to move Leicester off the bottom of the Premier League.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat.
One man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full.
However, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him.
After landing at Muscat, one man was taken away for questioning.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father.
He allegedly forced her to defecate and urinate in the room.
Her body was found days after she suffered the blows at the unit she shared with her father in Petrie, north of Brisbane, on March 30, 2013.
Matthew Lee Williamson and Christopher Arthur Neville Kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31.
When recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
The university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature.
McElroy did not immediately respond to an email sent to her university account by the Associated Press.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday.
Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
Klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he became first American President to visit the island since 1982.
Before striking Bolt's signature pose, Obama praised him saying that 'nobody's ever been faster'
Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Mrs Saunders' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983.
Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986.
But a spokesperson for
Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria.
He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
Charles is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way.
A woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a South Carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old infant by a teenager.
Horry County Police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.
The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying.
Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours.
Hackers then took control of the picture feed and posted pornography.
Instead of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons.
Scooter's have apologised to customers via their Facebook and Twitter pages.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli.
Molinelli said a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling toys at a car boot sale.
They spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall.
Mr Flanaghan recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby.
He was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world.
The pair are now hoping to sell the bear on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Liris Crosse, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus.
She grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and idolised Naomi Campbell.
Despite being a healthy size 10, she received rejection due to her voluptuous shape.
Liris is now size 18 (US 14) and is breaking into the UK.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill.
Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms.
This to protest a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years.
He claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet.
The organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'
His research has been widely criticised by the scientific community.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison.
On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
She also faces three years' probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Pennyhill Park boasts a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools.
The luxury spa and hotel has attracted so many famous names since it opened, it looks like a who's who of the celebrity world.
Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michael Douglas, Lewis Hamilton and Russell Crowe are regulars at the venue.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America.
It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Incident occurred in San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf area.
Cyclist yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history.
On Saturday, at the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race, the women’s crews will battle the same Thames course as the men.
The first women to race were jeered by male spectators, they get equal billing.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night.
The fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster.
Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed an Orlando businessman.
McKinnon was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon dominated so-called 'challengers' debate on Thursday.
She is threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border.
Ed Miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time.
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was killed by Napoleon’s forces at Waterloo.
He was found with a musket ball between his ribs.
A Belgian archaeologist called the find ‘unique’
No complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny'
She said she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed.
The wedding drew more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of Dunblane.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games.
This comes almost one year after Hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.
She founded the Whole Pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded.
Wendy L. Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle because 'we love heartwarming stories'
Philippine army has released new photographs of Chinese construction work in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
The latest images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
He said recently that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Ancient Egypt, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope.
Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions happened in quick succession.
Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
Scientists examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time - and found evidence of a'mega drought' in the area.
The British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her.
The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq.
This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists.
Kellogg's warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.
The cereal giant uses a complex web of companies to do business here.
Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent, compared with the UK’s 20 per cent.
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination.
Sydney Harbour, Alcatraz and bay can be seen from both sides of the plane.
Cape Town and Table Mountain are great for early morning arrivals from the North.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad.
The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency.
Three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
President Joko Widodo has confirmed 'it will only be a matter of time'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, killed Michael Spalding, 39, and dismembered his body.
His remains were stuffed into two suitcases before he threw them into canal.
Simon found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today.
Girlfriend Michelle Bird was convicted of assisting an offender.
Police have now released CCTV footage showing the pair dragging the cases.
Molly Wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in Tesco.
Burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'
Pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Coroner David Hinchliff said Mrs Wood died of multiple injuries.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31.
The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William.
When he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who saved Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho.
Sitko crashed while driving along the winding road before crashing through the property and dangling over the edge of the drop.
Warnock managed to reach him by climbing the pedestrian bridge.
Police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist the man.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend.
She was found by police after she made contact with a family member.
Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Sarah Silverman filmed wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League.
She claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart to do a job.
But New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false.
Silverman has since publicly apologized to Martin and revealed she fabricated the story.
Terry McCarty was six when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.
The 29-year-old, from Hawthorne, Nevada, endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.
He was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Labour leader used keynote campaign speech to suggest deaths could have been avoided if PM had done more.
Claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy.
Comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels.
Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
Tories demand Miliband apologise for 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday.
Hundreds of people took a look behind the scene of 219 stores across Australia.
The fast food giant hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.
KFC's biggest selling products are still prepared in a manner that leaves them high in things like fat and salt.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage.
When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine.
Adams faces federal drug smuggling charges.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
Mrs Sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer.
Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation.
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus.
The 31-year-old striker's deal with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season.
Tevez has scored 17 times this season for Boca Juniors.
Juventus are reluctant to lose the league's top scorer.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground.
The National Weather Service received 170 reports of hail on Tuesday, twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week.
She called for prosecutions of former SS officers to end.
But her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in trial in Germany.
Mrs Kor's lawyers said they could not forgive Mr Groening for his participation.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St Cloud, Florida, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee.
The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lindsey set up a drug deal last month, telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that 'his girl' would deliver the product.
Heineman allegedly handed the officer three Xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $100 in cash.
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
The 37-year-old has not fought since knocking out George Groves.
Froch has said he may retire if that fight does not come to fruition.
London Mayor was given a kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter.
As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek.
Mr Johnson yesterday fronted a major Tory push into Nigel Farage's backyard.
He was mobbed – and kissed – by fans in the seat where Ukip leader hopes to become an MP.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test scalp on Friday.
The 32-year-old broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years.
Anderson said he is convinced he can still improve as a bowler.
The third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday.
Holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder.
He admits he was the shooter, his defense attorneys say, but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill.
His lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity, which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely.
Alix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday.
She was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle.
It was their first trip abroad together.
Family said she was devoted to the children she taught and loved to party.
Robert Cusanelli of WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse.
He was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of doing reporting work on this case'
The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court.
Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Raheem Sterling admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'
The Liverpool manager added that Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football'
Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold.
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night.
Pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
The plane, with 45 passengers, made an otherwise uneventful midnight landing at DFW after a one hour, 40-minute flight.
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday.
Wife Georgina Chapman has been busy working on her upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her brand Marchesa.
Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell.
The couple may still be dealing with some problems however, with one of Chapman's society pals revealing just how angry she is with her husband.
Ambra Battilana, who claims Weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt, met with prosecutors on Tuesday
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova, 24, paid a visit to six different Prets across London.
On three of the visits, she wore no make-up, her glasses and a casual outfit consisting of jeans and a plain top.
Here she is after failing to secure a freebie at their Gloucester Road store.
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park.
Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk.
His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Neil Fox, 53, accused of nine offences against three girls and three women.
One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio.
Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him.
Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who travel to the settlement of Sertar to study Tibetan Buddhism.
The hilly settlement sits on elevations of 12,500ft, and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling.
Nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges, and separated by age and sex.
Anti-Islam protests in Australia turned violent after clashes turned violent.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne.
Several people had to be treated by paramedics.
The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification.
Across the country, 16 rallies were scheduled to take place, with events in Sydney and Melbourne drawing the biggest crowds.
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old.
The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
This is the second year for the Tax Day baby celebration.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas.
The Talibs left the area in a Range Rover and a Jaguar and went to the XTC Cabaret.
Police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack, 21, in Bali last August.
Prosecutors have asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for her co-accused boyfriend Tommy Schaefer.
Mack's attorney has filed court documents for her to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella.
Stella was born in Kerobakan Prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes.
David Suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases.
His grandson Todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and suffer from epilepsy and learning or behavioural difficulties.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard.
His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase.
One of his flashiest is the Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42, which cost £32,000.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
She says she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay Wonder Woman outfit.
Ms Johnston says she chose Wonder Woman as her signature because of her empowering character and 'compassion'
Vladmir Lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse looks better than the day he passed.
This is the claim made by his embalmers, who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary's body.
They brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning, creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications.
The Bolshevik leader's remains were embalmed on Stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924 and kept on display in Moscow apart from a period in the Second World War.
Four men accused of stabbing Mozambican man to death in Johannesburg.
Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks.
Government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League.
The 21-year-old led out his side for the first time in their 0-0 draw with Burnley.
Kane and Burnley striker Danny Ings will both be handed spots in Gareth Southgate’s Under 21 Euros squad.
Wojciech Szczesny turned 25 on Monday.
The Arsenal goalkeeper was joined by family and friends at his home.
Szczzesny played the full 120 minutes of Arsenal's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final win.
He was treated to a private birthday performance by Polish band Lemon.
Specialised 77 Brigade launched with great fanfare in January.
But it is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids.
He admits that civilians with relevant experience are not natural recruits.
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year.
She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.
Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was given one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police.
The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community.
Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school.
The footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia.
It shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies.
Other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009.
He killed 13 men and women at military post in Killeen, Texas.
Authorities initially classed mass murder as 'workplace violence'
But it has since been acknowledged that attack was act of terrorism.
Victims set to receive Purple Heart medals today amid claims they are being denied financial support.
Anthony Martinez, a high school junior in Nevada, was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot.
He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Harry Redknapp quit as QPR manager in February.
The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave.
Redknapp has described the situation as 'a bit of a soap opera'
The former West Ham boss believes he would have helped QPR avoid relegation.
New series of photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book.
In the images the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico.
The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed, giving an unparralled insight into her life.
Many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954 were taken by German-born French photographer Gisèle Freund.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother Dorothy.
Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for her care.
When it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid.
Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000.
She was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Queen of the South crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season.
Stuart McCall urged Rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure.
The Ibrox side remain third in the table after what was their biggest-ever loss to Queens.
Imran Uddin, 25, was studying science at the University of Birmingham.
He bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet which he connected to a number of university computers.
Through the software, he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers and then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself.
Uddin was jailed for four months at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk.
The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham.
Official inquiry into the blaze concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish.
Sir Oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on BBC Radio Leeds.
He rubbished Mr Fletcher's claims, saying they are 'nonsense'
Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United.
Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace.
Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City's late surge against Swansea City.
Roger Lohse, a reporter with Miami-area station WPLG, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest Miami-Dade.
His cameraman pointed out the rescue to him, and he went to investigate.
As the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released.
Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave Glasgow Warriors.
The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season.
Justin Rose will be in the final pairing with Masters leader Jordan Spieth.
Spieth will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 (BST)
World No 1 Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
Her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with her murder.
Mann's parents, Thomas and Melissa Mann, paid tribute to their daughter.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend.
Tim Sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put his sense of fashion in the spotlight.
Aston Villa goalkeeper Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman's choice of attire.
N'Zogbia has featured regularly under Sherwood since his appointment in February.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby.
The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)
The card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis.
They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day.
It costs $20 (£13) and can be ordered from the company�
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa on Tuesday.
The Ireland Under 21 international wears children's shinpads.
Grealish says it is a superstition that he'll keep it that way.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2.
Sources within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office claim that at least three of his supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours.
Bates' legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training.
But they have been unable to produce proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest.
A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.
The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper.
Second place went to Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India for their Shanty-Scraper.
Government planning to expand Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request'
It could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain by 2020.
Step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal.
New plans underline China's increasing influence in Nepal.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints.
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry.
Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting' while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, says Jose Anigo.
The former Marseille boss says Ibrahimovic reminds him of Eric Cantona.
Peter Schmeichel believes Ibrahimovic has the 'personality' to become an Old Trafford great.
Ibrahimovic scored in Sweden's 3-1 international friendly win over Iran.
Billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted in water off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Experts believe the jellyfish are attracted by the warmer waters and a lack of predators.
The jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Rodgers will hope to replicate their 2001 FA Cup triumph by beating Arsenal in the final.
Ellen White fired a free kick into the corner against Arsenal.
Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other.
White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations.
Guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka in Kiev, Ukraine, for the same price as a club sandwich in Zurich.
Eastern Europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations - Sofia, Kiev, Warsaw, Budapest, Prague and Moscow.
Eden Hazard has been outstanding for Chelsea this season.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is in a one-horse race to win the award.
Hazard is likely to feature against Queens Park Rangers on Saturday.
Diego Costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
The Argentinian manager has extended his deal until 2019.
Simeone took Atletico to the title last season and leads them to the quarter final first leg.
Atletico have won the Europa League and the European Super Cup.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today.
Early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology.
There are already a concerning number of users, particularly women, reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House on Monday.
World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a hustings event in Cheltenham.
He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'
He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
Mr Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco.
A pedestrian was killed and another injured when they were struck by the car fleeing police during a wild chase through the city.
The suspects involved were still on the loose Saturday.
Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana.
The girl was given fake ID and a job but Garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her, Santa Ana police Cpl. Ricardo Diaz testified.
Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at Manchester City.
Eriksson said they have underperformed given their financial clout.
City host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot next year is still in doubt.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricketer had been out walking with his wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope he could return to work.
Benaud had been driving his beloved car back from hitting practice golf balls at the Australian Golf Club in Sydney when he lost control and hit a parked car.
He was hospitalised with shoulder, spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum.
Former Scottish Secretary says talking up threat is'short-term and dangerous'
Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs.
David Cameron yesterday warned that the prospect of a deal between Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon was 'a match made in hell for the British economy'
The SNP unveiled its manifesto in Edinburgh yesterday.
The Hudsonian Godwit was spotted at the Shapwick Heath in Somerset.
It is believed the shorebird was last seen in the UK in 1988.
More than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water's edge.
The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts.
Kevin Pietersen has played exclusively Twenty20 cricket throughout the world.
The 34-year-old made his first appearance for Surrey since June 2013.
Pietersen's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs.
Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked questions about gay marriage.
He asked Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response: 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative'
He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
Gay rights are a delicate topic in Russia since a law banning 'gay propaganda' was passed in 2013.
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film.
The identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement.
This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses.
Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
The 30-year-old model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram.
Critics have claimed that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child.
But despite the outpouring of concern from her followers, the Los Angeles resident hasn’t let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has urged him to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari.
Hamilton is currently 13 points behind Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, 16.
Morton's lawyer Patrick Thomassey doesn't deny that Morton killed Mangan at Mangan's home February 4.
Thomassey disputes that Morton meant to kill Mangan.
He says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye.
During a hearing Wednesday, a police officer testified that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at Orlando's Hard Rock Hotel.
He was accused of urinating into an ice machine at the luxury hotel.
A guest told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.
Wood was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Art and photography community BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'
Some have dressed their babies as sci-fi characters, like Princess Leia from Star Wars.
Another baby is kitted out as widely-recognisable Nintendo character Mario, complete with tiny dungarees, the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache.
Angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes.
She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement.
The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Rafael Nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open.
Novak Djokovic is being tipped to end Nadal's stranglehold at Roland Garros.
The Serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks.
Nadal comfortably beat Nadal in the Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.
Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by her former partner Philip Kirby.
The 33-year-old was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
Kirby had been jailed for eight years but was released after three years.
He had been banned from contacting her for life and will not be released until 2023.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of the murder of Stephanie Scott on Wednesday night.
Neighbours say the Stanford family have lived at the property for 'around 13 months'
Police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux.
A picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott were found inside the property itself.
The family home is on the market for $179,000, for around 13 months.
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues.
During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at the school were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain'
Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
One unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint.
Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election.
But claimed they would back the party this time and only needed 23 seats.
Mr Cameron made the remarks in an interview with the BBC’s Evan Davis.
He also revealed that nothing made him ‘more angry’ than the Tories being called the party of the rich.
Vicky Pryce, 62, was jailed for two months in 2013 for perverting the course of justice for taking Chris Huhne's speeding fines.
The economist has since written a book about life in women's prisons.
She says she would miss her children when work commitments came calling.
Pryce, who speaks four languages, advocates early return to work.
Sir Stirling Moss, 85, won 212 races during his 14-year career.
He has swapped high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has 50mph.
The father-of-two said he sees fitness as a 'way of life'
He said: 'I have half a bottle of wine a day, which fits in very nicely'
Rand Paul smacked around Democratic rival Hillary Clinton at a campaign stop in New Hampshire this morning on the eve of the former Obama administration official's first visit to the Granite State as a proclaimed 2016 candidate.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid.
She ditched the van within days and flew
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months.
She has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa.
Msimang said she's been faced with the realisation that ‘the deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
'I think the racist element [in Australia] lies in the difficulty in grappling with past and present,' she said.
Manchester Thunder team lip-sync to 'Is This The Way To Amarillo'
Phil Neville, Gary Neville and Paul Scholes make brief appearance.
Thunder are coached by Neville's sister Tracey, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014.
His mother believes that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police.
Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Poll of 2,000 Britons found 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs.
Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves.
One in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
But a significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they're going wrong.
Bodies of young army recruits of Camp Speicher were found last Wednesday.
They were slaughtered by Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq.
Deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters were a threatening new kind of foe.
For almost 10 months, families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers.
Grayson Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes.
Heather Watson crashed out in Charleston after a narrow victory to Donna Vekic.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties.
The other seeds in action, Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel, progressed in straight sets.
The bizarre slow motion footage was captured in Santa Barbara, California.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post.
He later noted that the pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed.
The bird then closes its mouth while looking up at the sky.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner.
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead.
But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife.
Jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting
Heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, Russia.
He sat and watched as the mother became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs.
The bear family are part of a huge population found in the Kronotsky Reserve - known as the Kingdom of bears.
The 45-year-old politician announced on Thursday that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in May.
He hopes to return to work as a councilor in September.
Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor.
Instead, he ran for his old seat in city council and won.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was shot and killed by ISIS snipers in Damascus.
She was trying to flee Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of the city.
Relief workers say she was shot as she tried to make her way to nearby neighbourhood.
Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since April 4.
The area fell under ISIS control on April 4, leaving 200 people dead.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'
That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial.
Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good.
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, East Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day.
Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV.
Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013.
He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes on Thursday.
Laura Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication.
A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat.
The witness, Josh Staten, said the noticed the vehicle and couldn't believe his eyes.
Smith backed her car into Smith's truck and started to spray him with pepper spray.
David Luiz limped off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille.
The Brazilian defender picked up a hamstring injury on Sunday.
Luiz could be a doubt for the Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona.
The giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg)
It was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)
This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys.
It took a team of surgeons three hours to remove the giant organ.
He will soon receive a kidney transplant.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Eibar.
The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.
Carlo Ancelotti has not made a final decision on who will come into his starting lineup for the game at the Bernabeu.
Second-placed Real will look to close the gap on leaders Barcelona to one point.
Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
But the ruling means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels.
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night.
David Worrall scored a late free-kick to move into fourth place.
Phil Brown's side are behind third-placed Wycombe on goal difference.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, was sent a rejection letter from Duke.
She had applied to the prestigious college in her home state.
But on March 26 she was sent an email telling her she had failed to make the grade.
The teenager refused to take no for an answer, saying: 'I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke'
Duke did eventually respond to her rejection letter, but didn't share the joke.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match.
They would play for 'Team South' against a similar 'North' dream team.
The players involved would be chosen by an online fan poll.
But despite such restrictions, the proposed match would throw up the tantalising prospect of Barcelona and Real Madrid stars Ronaldo and Gareth Bale.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies.
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland.
Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett says she was upset with the 'giddy' portrayal
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for Real Madrid.
James Rodriguez has been out of action since February with a foot injury.
Lionel Messi is back in the Barcelona squad to face Celta Vigo.
AC Milan beat Palermo 2-1 to maintain slim hope of European football.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline.
The video of the two of them playing music together has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Travis vows that if all goes well he will be auditioning for The Voice for the 2016 season.
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement.
They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
Male octopuses have a long, detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself.
The findings may help scientists develop new ways for soft robots to move around.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease.
His mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver at just nine months old.
But his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital.
Father Xiao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday.
The operation took five hours and is believed to be the first in China where two parents have donated the same organ in order to save their child.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials.
Clinton emerged from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Sania Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 on Sunday.
The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Martina Hingis.
Mirza became the first Indian woman to win a WTA singles title in 2005.
Only three other Asian women have achieved the top WTA doubles ranking.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., is still under a full-vacate order.
She has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian.
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under her bed.
Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature.
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages.
This means that users get 116 characters to comment on a tweet.
It will roll out to Android handsets soon.
Users can delete quote tweets by clicking the ‘More’ icon and by selecting ‘Delete Tweet’
Haris Vuckic was loaned to Rangers from Newcastle in January.
The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season.
Vuckic is the only one to have made an impact at Ibrox.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died.
She says the £15million left to her was an 'absurd presentation' of his wealth.
The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives.
Claims property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday.
He hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson.
Everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV shows.
The lucky children are often on the receiving end of their father's culinary masterpieces.
Kim Richards, 50, was arrested at the Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar.
The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house.
'A two inch drink?' Dr Phil asks. Kim answers, 'Oh yeah'
The night ended with police officers dragging the kicking and screaming reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was 'angry and frightened'
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries as he was passing by.
He wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home.
So forced him to take out the only item he had on him - nail clippers.
Police say Rejean Hermel Perron held her captive for five days.
Perron, 43, has been charged with sexual assault with a weapon.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday.
The glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin.
Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week.
Over three quarters of us go crackers for cheddar, crowning it our favourite cheese variety.
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road.
He was a member of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969.
Former City player Fred Eyre paid tribute to Dowd, praising the popular stopper.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film.
The former Manchester United midfielder insists You and the Night is a 'piece of art'
The French film has a number of racy scenes, and at one point sees Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.
But the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography.
Newcastle United had more than £34million in the bank at the end of the last financial year, the club's full accounts have revealed.
The club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season.
But the full accounts registered with Companies House show that £38.6million was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum.
A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against Tottenham.
Six Leeds players have withdrawn from the squad to face Charlton.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri all told Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Toni Duggan posted a photo of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram.
The Manchester City forward has since removed the photo from the site.
Duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo.
Energy giant ordered to pay £7.75million penalty to Citizens Advice.
Regulator Ofgem found E.ON had overcharged customers after price rises.
Firm has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence.
He had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December.
Mr Phillips had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi.
The university graduate had been staying with his mother in Cowbridge.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League.
Fabregas was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm.
Ralph Body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens.
He says he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants didn't sit well with the 2-year-old building's management, Body says.
'Unfortunately, in this case, nice guys finish last,' Body says his higher-up told him.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton.
The right back has been in impressive form this season.
Ronald Koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep Clyne at the club.
E4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election.
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air.
Special advert will be played featuring 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping E4 on air.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman at his home.
It escalated and he allegedly grabbed a gardening tool and drove it into her.
She pepper sprayed him in the eyes and ran across the street.
Nunez will be charged with aggravated assault.
Andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight.
Ward is ranked among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world.
Froch is turning his attention to his other remaining ambition before retirement.
John Terry is on course to appear in all 38 Premier League games this season.
The Chelsea captain has made 37 Premier League appearances so far.
Rafa Benitez believed Terry couldn't play two games a week.
Terry made just 14 appearances for Chelsea in 2012-13 campaign.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns.
And while his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
The image was first shared on Reddit at the weekend.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment on Thursday.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
Crespo shot Bell Gardens Mayor Daniel Cufo three times in the chest on September 30.
The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims.
Her brother William says his ex sister-in-law's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood.
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.
The show is set to premiere this summer.
It is named after the 1955 Broadway show The Seven Year Itch that was later developed into the film starring Marilyn Monroe and Tom Ewell.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage.
She was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by C-section, but staff failed to ventilate her properly.
Seventeen months later when she became pregnant with her son, Patrick, the same mistakes were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled.
Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £6 million sum for her son's lifelong care was agreed.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School.
He was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself.
Caught on video exposing himself to a 33-year-old female passenger.
Banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing in Coventry.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration.
This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent.
Property prices are predicted to fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
Declining populations are tipped to reduce potential economic growth from 2.9 per cent to 2.5 per cent for the 2015-2017 period.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second.
Lynn's brother's wife, Grace, has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken out
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health.
The 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art.
Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942.
It was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena.
Hoard of 100 tons of rupees found buried in ocean floor at record depth of 17,000ft.
Underwater company Deep Ocean Search contracted by UK Ministry of Transport.
Team used pioneering techniques to track down the ship with powerful sonar.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Atletico Madrid were reduced to 10 men after Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winner for Real Madrid in the second leg at the Bernabeu.
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.
Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network.
Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine.
Celebrity friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as Katie Couric wrote: 'Sending the wonderful Rita Wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health'
Cressida Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie.
The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
Since splitting with Prince Harry, Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell took the stand on Tuesday.
Charlie, now 13, was found in basement of family's Detroit townhouse.
He said he was beaten with plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts.
Also said he attempted suicide in bid to escape parents' torture.
Hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send both to trial on charges of torture and child abuse.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013.
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates.
Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots.
Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself'
But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages.
Tracey Woodford, 47, is believed to have been attacked in Pontypridd on Tuesday.
She was taken back to property of man she left town centre pub with.
Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' around 3pm on Friday.
Man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested over her murder.
Police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question suspect.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.
Atletico Madrid were beaten 1-0 after two legs against their neighbours Real.
Simeone was proud of the way Atletico Madrid played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France.
The only exception will be SheikJoaan’s dual Arc winner Treve.
Benoist is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot.
London Mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years.
But he conceded: 'It would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour'
Mr Johnson has long been tipped as a future leader of the party.
He said last month he would serve a 'full second term' until 2020.
The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003.
Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable.
They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
A judge should be signing off the divorce shortly, it was added.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain.
The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as Rory McIlroy.
Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Photos were released by RSPCA South Australia which detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September.
The resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats.
RSPCA said in the past year they have received more than 1000 similar reports.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
The fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity.
It is also a contest which pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.
There has thus far been some success for the man who appointed him — Marseille president Vincent Labrune.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran with sponsors Chang Beer.
The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years.
Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be work of El Greco.
But selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself.
It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
He was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses.
The Caribbean island had the world's highest percentage, at nearly 60 per cent.
Britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries.
Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan.
The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane.
Luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness, Luna's mother, Jennifer Luna.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month.
CCTV footage shows the man following three other potential victims.
He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern background and in his early twenties.
The man is wanted for attempted murder and rape having left the woman for dead.
Zayn Malik has been accused of cheating on four occasions.
The most recent was Swedish model Martina Olsson.
She claimed that she had slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand.
Zayn, who left One Direction last week, has not commented on the claims.
But Tracey Cox says that this could be because he is younger.
The petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
It currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
The bullets it fires were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker Paul Erard.
They also appear in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris on April 2.
Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself.
Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.
These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer.
Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page.
It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use.
When used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour.
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children.
Emily and Claire Vincenti were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy.
The girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, at their home near Florence.
They expressed theirregret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
'They are really well, really centred and
The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area.
Three entrances to the impressive complex can be seen, leading to vast, winding tunnels.
The subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth.
Cappadocia, or 'Kapadokya' in Turkish, translates as 'land of the beautiful horses'
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108.
It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites.
The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD.
Construction has started on the building, which was designed by Fender Katsalidis Architects, and is due to be completed by 2019.
Emergency EU summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers.
Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin will be sent to the region.
Prime Minister David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward'
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future.
Sammer joined Bayern's hierarchy in July 2012.
The 47-year-old has warned manager Pep Guardiola that the club have to'make plans for the future before it is too late'
The German giants face Hoffenheim on Saturday (April 18) at 10pm.
Manchester United Under 21s beat West Ham United 1-0.
Josh Harrop scored twice as the Red Devils went four points clear.
Adnan Januzaj captained the young Red Devils.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14.
He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York.
A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach.
Leeim was born with spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby's spine doesn't form properly.
Since his first 26.2-mile race in 2008, Morseman has won 23 of the 42
Willy Junior is the baggage handler who caused an emergency landing when he woke up inside the cargo hold of an airborne flight.
He sat down with ABC News for an interview, and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13.
The airport worker, who appears to be in his early 20s according to Facebook, wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice.
Junior is currently still employed at Menzies, but he has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger is up against the ultimate pragmatist - Jose Mourinho.
Mourinho has a poor Premier League Manager of the Month record.
Puren was youngest brother of final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled until 1912.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia.
He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
One of his sons said Puren was 'almost deaf' and couldn't hold a pen.
Nicole Mihai has been told she must leave her son, Chris, behind.
The 34-year-old is being deported from New Zealand after a two-year relationship.
She was awarded full custody of their son, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris.
A ruling from the Family Court said Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father.
Carolyn Ross was looking out for the package to arrive in Tahlequah, Oklahoma.
When cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs.
The pound of meth has a street value of around $30,000.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students.
The incident took place Monday morning at a Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans.
Rudison's son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison was with her and allegedly took part in the attack on the two girls.
Briitish Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public.
The bizarre incident was caught on CCTV and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park.
It is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking payment or merely indulging in an unusual form of vandalism.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke.
The Spain striker is unlikely to even make the bench for Sunday's clash.
Jose Mourinho admits Loic Remy is not ready to return from injury.
Didier Drogba is the only senior striker available to Costa.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez.
The on-loan forward has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Valencia in recent weeks.
Falcao replaced Marouane Fellaini in the 83rd minute during United's 4-2 rout of Manchester City.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League playing 'tippy-tappy football'
The Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas.
Jose Mourinho's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal and left the field to chants of 'boring, boring Chelsea'
Terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager Jose Mourinho after the game.
The top of the Championship with five games to go.
Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places.
There have been some stellar individual performances this season.
Here are eight players that could well be playing in the top flight next season.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by Brendan Rodgers in December.
The 27-year-old Belgian returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury.
He has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation.
But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police.
The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late paedophile Liberal MP Cyril Smith who continued in public life despite repeated warnings of his crimes.
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday.
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Barclays Premier League goal since September.
Mame Diouf equalised and substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley.
Barkley was awarded a penalty for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon.
Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Police in Shanghai seized three million knock-off condoms.
They broke up a large operation covering eight provinces.
Heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic.
The fakes were packaged as popular brands such as Durex.
Miley, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio.
The singer, who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices, displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region.
Many users advised Miley to pick up a razor and shave.
Scout Willis, 23, has been seen working out with her armpit hair on show.
Olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control.
The drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations.
New research suggests the drug could also help men with genetic faults within their prostate cancer tumours.
Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects.
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday.
He will preview the showdown with Arsenal on Saturday and discuss the future of Raheem Sterling.
Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club.
The 20-year-old admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Nikki Thomas, 27, appeared on This Morning to tell how her sister was murdered.
Jenna was strangled to death by Philip Packer in a jealous rage in 2008.
She said he would bombarding her with hundreds of calls and texts a day.
But she never reported his behaviour to police and paid the ultimate price.
Now Nikki, from South Wales, is warning others to learn from her sister's story.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy in Lincolnshire.
She was told she must make up missed time for 'unauthorised absence'
Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish her.
School claimed detention was to give her best chance of doing well in exams.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation.
They have so far removed 150 trolleys and six vehicles, one of which dates back over 40 years.
The clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
The rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves, called the Qadaa al-Haajah, was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented.
Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible.
Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in October's Grand-Final.
Dom Manfredi scored his side's first try.
Joe Burgess scored a late try to break the champions' resistance.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries.
The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year.
Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream.
Carl, 27, continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency.
Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running.
Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach.
The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker.
He was found dead next to his house in Mobile, Alabama, the previous year.
In 2012 his conviction was overturned after a judge blasted his initial trial.
A key witness later recounted her testimony, and that a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection.
Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
It is the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free.
Sources told the Wall Street Journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
Last week, a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city.
Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over300,000 views on YouTube.
Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of Saturday's clash with Hull because of an ankle injury.
Steven Davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem.
Defender Florin Gardos has been struggling with an unspecified knock.
Steve Bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to Southampton.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for his star.
Everton host Manchester United at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world.
One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons.
Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju.
Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Charlie Stayt scrawled the word 'education' on a whiteboard in Southampton.
Viewers took to Twitter to complain after he missed out the letter 'c'
The presenter later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
The statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed today.
It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue.
The government has backed the move, and is working to see if the country can take an 'official position' on statues and other colonial symbols.
Image was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year.
The Reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work.
Sceptics have noted the presence of a blue piece of fabric lingering behind the little girl.
Last month, a chilling image emerged on the 'Toowoomba Ghost Chasers' Facebook past, with its owner claiming it showed the ghost on a young drowning victim.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry.
She threw used cigarette on ground before two council officers came'sprinting'
Miss Copeland refused to pay £50 fixed penalty notice within ten days.
But she was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court on March 17.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are due to marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts for the big day.
Several business owners have already sent gifts to either Andy or Kim.
A handmade card featuring Andy and Kim, 27, was drawn by local artist Lorna Brown accompanied the garter.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc's side were beaten 2-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti were unable to influence the game.
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are 'out of control', an official said.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of the Salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit and arrest those responsible.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace.
She was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45, who were with her again for a procession.
The royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Sturridge missed Monday's 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip.
Steven Gerrard could return at Wembley after serving three-match suspension.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and baby Hudson were killed on Monday in Bonney Lake, Washington.
A 50-foot-long concrete slab fell from a construction site on a Washington state bridge and landed on their truck.
The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies.
It remains unknown what caused the'very heavy' concrete structure to fall.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has cited the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community.
The Lowy Institute report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat'
The risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response, the report says.
It comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Sarah Ivens, 34, was desperate to get pregnant at the age of 34.
She and husband Russell were financially secure and financially secure.
Eleven months later, when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared.
The truth lay somewhere in the middle of the heartbreak, guilt and misinformation women find themselves drowning in as they consider motherhood.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four.
Rodgers spent most of his press conference fielding questions about Raheem Sterling's refusal to sign the new contract he has been offered.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London.
Colin Kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the Toyota Aygo driver veered across the road.
The incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year.
Mr Kay has now taken his case to the IPCC after the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time.
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him.
The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine.
Pocognoli insists he doesn't want to be one of the those players to throw a strop.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season.
His last one — the only goal of the game at Burnley — meant the world because it was for someone special.
Ramsey will be on ‘normal TV’ when the BBC screen today’s FA Cup semi-final from Wembley.
More than a quarter of a million fans took to the streets to celebrate Arsenal's 2014 FA Cup success.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
Senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out.
The deal means the NFL may never have to disclose what it knew when about the risks and treatment of concussions.
Players' lawyers have argued that the settlement will help families get needed financial awards or medical testing that might take years if the case went to trial.
2,500 police officers involved in tracking down Boston Marathon bombers showed lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights with brothers, report reveals.
In first standoff, officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target'
Also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns during chaotic shooting.
Amid chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Despite findings, report praises many aspects of emergency response to April 15 attacks.
Justin Jackson, of Florida, accused of pretending to be Oprah Winfrey.
He is being sued by Oprah's TV network and former Obama aide Reggie Love.
Court papers claim he tried to trick people into giving him jobs, clothes and free food.
Also named in the claims was Angel Agarrat, who is also named.
Hay Castle has been besieged, set ablaze and attacked by Welsh rebels.
But now the medieval stronghold is at risk of falling to a new army of invaders.
Deathwatch beetles are living in the timber of the 800-year-old castle.
A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday.
His new wife Lindsey Sims was by his side when he died.
The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.
John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal.
CCTV footage shows man casually approach a Range Rover in north London.
Just seconds later, he opens the door without even using a key.
Theft took place in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Metropolitan Police are now appealing for information to trace the thief.
A goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute.
The footage shows the two-metre long reptile managing to balance at the top of the pole while swallowing its prey.
Goannas are found throughout most of Australia, but it’s unknown where the clip was filmed.
Kelsey Higley, 22, studies art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.
She created a self-portrait of her body, showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful.
The project, entitled 'Manipulation' used 126 different images resulting in a video that was published on Vimeo.
The Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013.
Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies.
The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
Google Wallet allows users to send money to anyone in the US with a Gmail address.
Users can also transfer funds directly to their bank account.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC.
But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs.
Russ lived in his car for a year as he took photographs of the Great American West on his iPhone in 2013, and soon became a huge hit onInstagram.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers.
The size of the ship means it is able to access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels.
Boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as Monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him.
She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007.
Investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags, with air fresheners, dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell.
They began re-examining the case after a family member provided new information to the new cold-case unit of the Atlantic County Prosecutor's Office in February
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.
He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.
Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
The original tree roots grew up against a wall, before it was moved to a nearby park.
David Seaman made one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history.
The 51-year-old made the save against Sheffield United 12 years ago.
Seaman says the save tops his penalty heroics at Euro 96.
Arsene Wenger has been warned not to underestimate Reading.
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership.
Teale hit back, saying: 'It's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface'
Celtic are seven points ahead of second-placed Aberdeen having played a game less.
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota, caught the foul ball in her beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon.
She said it was 'pure luck' and chugged the beer in celebration.
The Cubs won the game, 7-6, in 11 innings.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court.
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he realized Ben was dead in the back of his Jeep Cherokee.
The software programmer told the authorities that he
Tiger Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia.
Woods is making his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015.
The 14-time major winner recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday.
The pair played for New York Cosmos in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt.
Pele, now 74, says he'd prefer Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo.
He says Ronaldo is'more forward, more of a scorer'
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in 1974.
A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England.
He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning.
The Government apologised for his death in 2013.
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast for Sussex.
Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene.
The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Insects are said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients.
The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects.
On Kickstarter they are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) for the insect-powered protein bar.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.
Auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000.
We look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall.
It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Police will look at whether the abuse was systematic or organised.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia.
The 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
The multi-talented youngster from Australia's top end is also embarking on a singing career, writing and performing songs in both English and Tagalog.
Ms Moon performs a very diverse range of musical styles including country, pop, R&B and rap.
Eight judges of the European Court of Human Rights found Russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws.
Robert Muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations.
But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011.
Pablo Osvaldo has urged Andrea Pirlo and Francisco Totti to move to Boca.
The 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for Boca Juniors.
Osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for the club.
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, thought she had found her soulmate.
She met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012.
But the hotel worker's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on Facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months.
Karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland.
The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
The image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on Gallipoli.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.
In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
They said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and a noise.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error.
FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier.
Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain.
This happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the entire match be.
replayed which did not please either team.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba.
The 22-year-old Romanian moved to Spain when he was 12.
Tim Sherwood is looking at the attacking duo of Andone and Bakary Sako.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster.
The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque.
Court heard the attack happened when the boy made mistakes with his studies.
It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye.
They are due to stand trial at Birmingham Crown Court on August 10.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a coach.
He has coached a whole host of world class stars during his 15-year career.
Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Alexis Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season.
Pasquale Marino brought Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008.
Sanchez spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a move to Barcelona.
Noah and Dani Gabriel broke up after the pair discussed his future plans.
It's believed they began dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years.
Gabriel, 28, runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to America.
Sources close to Noah said that they are still friends, and Gabriel has said she 'couldn't be prouder' of her ex.
Online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night.
They are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
HBO said it is 'actively assessing how this breach occurred'
Mark Dawe, head of OCR exam board, said pupils now learn through search engines anyway.
He said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Today Chris McGovern, chairman of Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer in December.
The father-of-one was dismissed by doctors five times in two months.
But after noticing a dull ache in his ribs, and coughing up more blood, he was taken to A&E.
There, an X-ray revealed a tumour on the 31-year-old's lung.
He has been told his cancer is inoperable, but he is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life.
Lint-free, tear-resistant filter paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations.
They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
From being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls, to cleaning varnish off your fingernails when you've run out of cotton wool.
Micky Adams is the 42nd manager to be sacked this season.
Tranmere are bottom of the Football League.
There have been 10 sackings in both League One and League Two.
Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving boss with more than 18 years.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola was left purring at his side's first-half performance.
The Bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, jailed.
All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them.
Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney scored for United.
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester City's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot.
City face Crystal Palace on Monday evening.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach Miami Open quarter-finals.
Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to last eight after beating Kevin Anderson and Gilles Simon.
Tomas Berdych and Carla Suarez Navarro also made it through to the last eight.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
Mr Byng was in a hide 'with the intention of photographing small British birds, such as Bullfinches, Long-tailed Tits and Wrens'
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been struggling with a groin problem.
The 21-year-old should play again this season, but the fear is that the problem could recur.
Arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods to rid the former Southampton man of his groin discomfort.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder.
She is accused of murdering her boyfriend Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon.
The court heard how she flew into a rage when Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
Elderfield told police officers who arrested her,'my God, it's so ******g funny'
Joanne Bolton was knifed more than 14 times by Steven Young.
The 35-year-old was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches.
Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was given an 18-year sentence.
Miss Bolton now suffers with mild brain damage and is often scared to leave the house.
Prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne.
Now, it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn.
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
Sales bubbled along rather slowly, and by 2009 we were only consuming just over two million bottles a year.
Five years on, that’s leapt to a massive 28 million — with most of the increase coming since 2012.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet.
She says a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility.
Steven Gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as Aston Villa beat Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday.
Gerrard was poor throughout, unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club’s recent years.
Brendan Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since Phil Taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow.
The West Ham striker will not have a summer break as he continues his recovery.
Carroll had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers.
He allegedly called police two weeks prior to the killing to see how officers would react to her disappearance, a jury heard today.
Ewing allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
Despite appeals from police and a £12,000 reward offer from TV chat show host Jeremy Kyle, no trace of her has ever been found.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay.
Sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer.
The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at Lille.
Origi has received messages from members of the club's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress closely.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences.
The 17-year-old was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification.
He was jailed in January after the skate park incident but will now walk free after 69 days behind bars.
'Running around being a big man in town does not cut it when you're in a detention centre,' Magistrate Deborah Vasta told the teenager.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike.
The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body.
She swears by hiking, yoga and occasional indulgence when it comes to maintaining her enviable figure.
Kevin Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket.
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of the UFC's new drug testing programme.
The federal agent helped bring down Lance Armstrong.
Novitzky was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A.
Roma moved level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points.
Napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat Cagliari later on Sunday.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist at the St John Howard Centre in Homerton, east London.
She was given a written warning for praying for a Muslim colleague and inviting her to church events.
Her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal.
They argue that they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion.
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan, 24, unveiled as faces of Gabardine range.
Pair model seasonal styles inspired by gabardine, a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry.
First teamed up for Burberry's spring/summer 2015 campaign.
Lizzie Cochran, a student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
She came up with the idea after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes.
The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
Alpha Delta was responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.
The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island.
To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning.
Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared.
Parents are in danger of being reported to police by their children's head teachers if they allow them to play video games for over 18s
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight relatives.
He was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week.
Six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester Airport.
A 30-year old man arrested in the Rochdale area has been released without charge.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia.
Burns' vehicle went off a road just before midnight as it approached a curve.
He was not wearing a seatbelt and was killed in the wreck.
Cartersville is about 125 miles away from where Duane Allman died.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 in La Liga on Saturday.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season.
Valencia have 60 points from 29 matches and can reclaim third spot.
Real Madrid have 64 points, four behind leaders Barcelona.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner for Dnipro in the 82nd minute.
The Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass.
Brugge looked to be heading for extra-time after last week's goalless draw in Belgium.
But the Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs.
Details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
Late on Wednesday, the airline said new information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight'
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, attacked their dog Cookie in Chorley.
The terrier barked at the terrified householders 'give me your money'
Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking.
Cookie suffered serious injuries and had to be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home in Clayton Brook, Lancashire.
Both men were jailed after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China.
Her mother left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields.
When she returned home, a white dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her.
She dashed to the bedroom where she had left her and discovered that the little girl had been dragged from her bed by the dog.
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School.
He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in Witley, Surrey.
After incident, he said: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'
Moore jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
Robert Kennedy Jr used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement.
He said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.
Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza, closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
O'Connor said gays are welcome in his restaurant in the small, one-traffic-light town of Walkerton, 20 miles southwest of South Bend, but that he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli.
He was one of a group of nine detained, all from Rochdale.
They include four children aged from one to 11.
Ahmed is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio.
York ran away from her home on her bike early Sunday morning.
Her parents believe she left on her own and took a backpack with a phone and clothes and her bike was missing.
Mike Fitzgerald will be a Leicester Tigers lock next season.
The 28-year-old New Zealander has helped the Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Fitzgerald will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday.
A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.
Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Chloe the wombat has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo in Sydney.
She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas.
The adorable animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own pouch.
When she is released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat 'halfway house'
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant.
She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster'
A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhat
Adele Berry, 21, contacted Vodafone over a problem with her bill.
But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her.
He called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws'
Ms Berry was put through to a call centre in South Africa.
The man has now been suspended by the network provider.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at Shenzhen International in China.
The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes.
Aphibarnat began the third round one shot behind American Peter Uihlein.
Uihlein carded two birdies and one bogey on the front nine.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photograph.
The Uruguayan has been in fine form for Barcelona following his move.
He admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him.
Suarez admitted that the bite on Giorgio Chiellini was the worst moment of his career.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty.
Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise, has a celebrity and royalty-packed client list.
Her books and DVDs are available on Amazon and ship within days.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year.
US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street.
The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Sarao appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles.
She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time.
The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
Shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock.
Both players are to retire at the end of May.
Gregor Townsend's side are currently top of the Pro12 standings.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game just before the break.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles.
Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as D.B.
Brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone's reputation.
He faces up to two years in prison.
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry.
The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store.
Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation.
Proms will include late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong.
He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'
It will take place on July 29, coinciding with 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts from Ibiza.
Live music at the so-called Pete Tong Prom will be played by the Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra.
Andrew Steele, 40, had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.
A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday.
During Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life.
The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on.
She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs.
But her son bounded up to her yelling'mum' that she succumbed to 'total shock'
She is now set to detail how she began to understand who she was in a new book, titled Forgotten Girl.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s.
He fled from Colombia fearing for his life after a confrontation with his boss.
Toro began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.
The ex-cartel member became one of the DEA's most important assets and helped carry out undercover stings around the world.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says an external factor like 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for the crash.
The crash in the Alps has been blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28.
He is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the GermanWings A320 Airbus before flying the packed plane into the mountainside.
Investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes which were hidden from his employer.
Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final.
Marcelo Bosch scored a long-range penalty in the final act.
The result sets up a last-four trip to St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday.
Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points at Craven Cottage.
Fulham beat Boro 4-3 in stoppage time after Rotherham equalised.
Tommie Hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Ile Louët is set in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France.
It is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests for the same price as a B&B.
The lighthouse keeper's cottage has a patio area, perfect for enjoying a sunset BBQ.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road in Sydney recently.
His driver was there to change their flat tyre.
Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Conservatorium of Music.
She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a 'fixer'
Stuart McCall says Walter Smith warned him not to take the Rangers job.
The former Light Blues midfielder says he has relished every minute of it.
Rangers have won their last three games in a row including a 2-1 win over Hearts.
McCall says he is pleased that he took the risk in the end.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma.
He was told he had just two months to live and was expected to die in eight weeks.
But after making a recovery he was told his cancer was in remission.
Mr McCabe has now rebooked the church for his wedding to Lisa Williams.
The father-of-three wrote a goodbye letter to his children to be read to them after his death.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa.
The Chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in Madrid in 2013.
Mourinho left the Spanish capital amid rumours of bust-ups.
Arbeloa says Mourinho is happy in London, having won the Capital One Cup.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
Instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
Girl, 14, is fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns.
She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house.
On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene, according to NDTV.
Her brother doused her with water to the shock of her brother, who told the broadcaster: ‘When I woke up, I saw her in flames... I poured water on her to put out the flames'
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
Medical examiners determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Heale, who is currently out on bail during the trial, was able to keep custody of her children.
Daniel Buccheri toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne using his voice.
The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying his brother would mention her name in every conversation.
Adrian couldn't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond.
Brain scans on a group of professional comedians revealed differences in the way the brains of these'super speakers' work while talking.
Super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech.
This suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next.
The findings may also help to explain why some people dry up completely when asked to speak.
England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy.
The Under 17 European Championships take place in Bulgaria in May.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions.
Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009.
Legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions.
In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup.
On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates.
It will set new dates after the legal questions are settled.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs insists Hibs deserve to be waiting for Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic in next month's showpiece.
The Queen is hiring a sous chef who can develop their technical expertise.
Applicants will have to travel to various Royal residences for three months.
They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
It comes after the Queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food – including Special K, jam sandwiches, chocolate cake, venison and scones.
Six dancers are seen twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument.
Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful.
Two of the women were jailed for ten days, while a third for 15 days.
The women's sentences come as Russia prepares to mark 70th anniversary.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.
It's currently only available to selected people for testing.
The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen.
Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home’
Facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit, the links they click on and their searches.
National Bar Association officials said Clarence Habersham, 37, should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Habersham was the second office to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Slager's actions leading up to the shooting.
Scott, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop.
Slager has been fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder last week.
Peter Fox, 26, arrested on suspicion of murdering his mother and sister.
Bernadette, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27, found dead half a mile apart.
Police released CCTV images of Fox leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm.
Body of his sister was found by police on Thursday night in Bootle, Merseyside.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Family of Bernadette and Sarah said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from ESPN for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'
The former model is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
McHenry is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas.
The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km)
It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website.
Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning.
In February this year, after suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment.
She was also permitted to have some amenities, including makeup and underwear, but is not allowed to grow her hair long.
Just this month, Manning started Tweeting and interacting with supporters online from prison.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook.
The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world.
Mimi is seen in the video batting the ball back to Joshua Teague every time he throws it her way.
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on police investigation told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'
They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
Gray was standing in the van, bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back.
It is believed he fell head-first into the back, breaking his neck, during the journey.
The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unre
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones.
The company must supply monthly data to the regulators.
Amazon must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet (120 meters)
The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The 47-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs around Europe.
Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be the ideal fit as manager.
City are set to end the season trophyless and Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out.
Jordan Morris scored early in the second half.
Juan Agudelo added his first international goal in four years.
Morris is the first university student to make the US side in two decades.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he meets Manny Pacquiao next month.
The pair will go head-to-head in a $300,000 mega-fight.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing yesterday.
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice descended on Base Camp.
Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit.
The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis.
She said she was never offered support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes.
Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
The spiraliser gadget turns various vegetables into spaghetti.
Freekeh is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove the husks.
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill.
The hotel is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms.
Four of the rooms have been decorated by trendy artists.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised on Monday.
The 14-time major champion embraced Miguel Angel Jimenez.
Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up on Wednesday.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho.
The Portuguese coach has drawn five and lost seven of their clashes.
Wenger and Mourinho rowed on the touchline in October's 2-0 win for Chelsea.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to the club in January.
John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci are likely to cost Celtic around £1.5million.
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties.
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
It could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia.
But industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as ‘overly optimistic’
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet.
The dog's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized.
Lt. Dan was named after a character in the film Forest Gump who lost both of his legs.
Obama unveils executive order to freeze or block assets of hackers.
Hackers working in China and Russia target U.S. defense contractors.
Also target banks and North Korea, Obama says.
But privacy activists question broad language in order.
Heartbroken owner Tony Tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs stolen.
Thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind.
Tony issued a desperate plea to the thief to return the treasured pets to him.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport.
She was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain.
Teen offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold.
But was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young.
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin.
The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer.
Oulare is the son of former Guinea international Souleymane Oulare.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target.
He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could.
Tahir sidled up to the victim and pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh.
She tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances.
But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom.
His behaviour was so obvious that it had attracted the attention of undercover police officers.
Eventually, the horrified young woman managed to attract
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days.
He was released in March 2013 when his family managed to raise a ransom.
Mr Rodwell fears the Federal government will not award him Victims of Terror Overseas compensation.
Under Australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
Liverpool have become the first Premier League club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign.
New Balance take over in supplying the Merseyside club.
Liverpool's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits.
The strip worn against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920.
Darrell Clarke's side face Barnet in the Conference on Saturday.
If Rovers go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day.
Doctors warned her weight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
She managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle.
Now, the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together.
Yingying Dou ran the essay writing site MyMaster.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the MyMaster website.
But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
This comes after another institution - the University of Newcastle - said it had expelled two students, suspended eight students and found 21 others guilty of misconduct.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
But SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient'
Simonsen's legal team from the ProLegal group have confirmed the Englishman will not face a further suspension.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from home in Punjab.
Group of men began harassing them and tried to'molest' them.
But instead of defending them, bus staff joined in the sexual assault.
Mrs Kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop the bus, but he started driving faster.
The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, in Punjab province.
Officials banned a documentary about the 2012 gang rape and murder of an Indian student in Delhi.
Liverpool were linked with a move for Neto earlier in the season.
The Brazilian goalkeeper looks certain to leave Fiorentina in the summer.
His agent Stefano Castagna claims the 25-year-old is wanted by a number of top European clubs including Liverpool and PSG.
Andrew Barr was principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne.
He was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office.
The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer.
Mr Barr tendered his resignation yesterday.
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday.
There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
Martin Guptill has been recalled to New Zealand Test squad.
The 23-year-old has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England.
Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence.
The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004.
It has been home to the event ever since.
The 2005 race in Shanghai also proved to be the end of an era.
Fernando Alonso became world champion and Giancarlo Fisichella won.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She wrote on the Clitheroe Football Club Facebook page: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected. Thank God my kids are too young to read. It's disgusting.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka, 37, stabbed.
He was found unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
Detectives determined there was a verbal argument that led to a physical altercation.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by three shots going into second round.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els made the early running with 67.
Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson both shot 71.
Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
The stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of Lake Turkana in Kenya.
It means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man'
The discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously.
Don McLean is selling the original manuscript and lyrics to pop anthem American Pie.
The 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303)
The eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'
This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight.
A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off.
Indulging in two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes running and if you have lathered it with butter and jam, it would take 80 minutes of running.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home.
The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics.
She is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain.
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife Brenda Davidson, 72.
At the time he said she had committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer.
But after being shown evidence she was killed, he changed his story.
In a letter from jail, Jackson said Mrs Davidson must have been killed by intruders.
He said he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) in the Monte Carlo Masters.
Roger Federer was knocked out of the competition by Gael Monfils.
The French number three will now face Grigor Dimitrov.
Robin Barton was rescued by Michael Buelna after he was abandoned as an infant.
The two met for the first time since the incident, which occurred 25 years ago, last week and embraced.
Barton was adopted by Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County and he said he was 'blessed with a great family'
Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, but his adoptive parents beat him to it.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in March.
A 15-year-old boy has been cautioned after posting a racist tweet.
The tweet read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…'
Officers from Greater Manchester Police launched a probe.
Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa – where the nation's first primary caucuses will start.
Of the ten students interviewed in the school's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton.
Corey Jones said he suspects that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters.
Jones, like Corum, will vote in his first presidential election next year.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US.
It is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful.
Facebook has tweaked its News Feed setting to make posts from friends more prominent.
The rules about seeing multiple posts from the same person in a row have been relaxed to show more from friends.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League last four.
Pep Guardiola's side were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the first leg last week.
The Spaniard said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city.
160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug.
Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week.
The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
Last year, California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana.
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season.
The 19-year-old was in contention to play for Newcastle's Under 21s.
But it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again.
Midfielder Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool.
Waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles.
This includes accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more.
Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion.
But several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks.
Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD police officers in December.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter.
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm.
This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
The players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that he exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire 15 rounds into the windshield of the suspects' vehicle.
But Brel
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves.
But she knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her dog Holly.
After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field.
He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Dr Ros Altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension.
She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Dr Altmann will oversee the Government’s pension reforms.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
Former Bradford player Stuart McCall does not believe the fire was anything other than an accident.
McCall donated money from his 2002 testimonial to the Bradford burns unit that cared for his father and so many others.
The 69-year-old actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s.
She said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women.
Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds.
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan in 2011.
He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month.
His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying from Auckland to Perth.
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip.
After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
The West Australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill.
Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid.
The Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season.
Cazorla is in his third season with the Gunners but enjoys life in north London.
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras.
Fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery on April 16.
The 68-year-old NBA legend had quadruple coronary bypass surgery.
Successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
After retiring from the NBA, the 19-time All Star starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'
Mr Galloway responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, is recovering at a hospital in Los Angeles.
She underwent a'medical procedure' on Tuesday for 'constant headaches'
She was seen partying at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday.
The Brazilian supermodel is currently being monitored at UCLA Hospital.
Eddie Howe sealed promotion to the Premier League on Monday.
Bournemouth beat Bolton 3-0 to secure promotion.
Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver says his players have a point to prove to themselves.
Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Wandsworth council has announced it is set to remove the rule giving priority to pupils' siblings.
The rule will be removed even if the family has moved out of the catchment area.
More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school.
Four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday.
Police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away, the 23-year-old nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice.
She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states.
Kelm told officers she had three beers, but a sobriety test indicated her alcohol content was three times the legal limit.
Steven Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against Manchester United on March 22.
But Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood Park.
Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup final with Liverpool at Wembley on May 30.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.
She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
The 55-year-old Lynch was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
Weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August.
It comes after the reality star inspired more than 3,000 people.
to sign the bone marrow donation register in one week.
President Barack Obama granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013.
The January drone strike that killed two hostages, one of them an American, could have been postponed or even prevented entirely.
Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike.
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson.
The England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel.
Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's footprints were also found on.
the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams were killed.
The car was strafed by police gunfire and its two unarmed occupants were killed after a high-speed chase over streets
The earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa.
On Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week.
In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list.
The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th place.
Other countries that wake up grumpy on Tuesdays include Singapore, Spain, Switzerland and Brazil.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years.
It is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature.
Once the vessel is towed to its location it 'flips' within 20 minutes by pumping water into several ballast tanks.
The designers initially considered converting a submarine for this unusual mission but soon decided starting from scratch was better.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
They have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe into the limelight.
The late-night television personality shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night.
Mr Deluxe said it was 'fascinating' come face-to-face with his lookalike.
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, was moderating a town hall event on Thursday.
During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
Yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about Obama's early reading habits, his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital media.
Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued 40 crew members from the sinking ship.
Captain Peter Hammarstedt said the captain of the now submerged ship was seen cheering.
Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean.
The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine.
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose in the UK as well as in branches of Tesco in Scotland.
The Lada Niva is a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x4 from Russia.
It is available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
The Niva has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks.
UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations.
This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany.
IMF is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of.
2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent.
in 2016.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup third round on Saturday.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve.
Reading beat Bradford in the last round but face a much tougher task.
Cole Skuse opened the scoring for Ipswich in the first half.
Freddie Sears and Daryl Murphy scored for Cardiff.
Scott Malone equalised for Cardiff five minutes later.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge.
The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom.
Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, disappeared after going for a walk near her home.
The autistic teenager left her home without medication or her cellphone.
Her mother Janice Greenberg has made an urgent appeal for help.
She said: 'It is the worst thing you could ever imagine happening'
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru.
The Canadian was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy.
Bouchard reached last year’s Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority launched bid to keep MPs' original claims secret.
But Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all copies of receipts and invoices submitted by politicians.
Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published - rather than a summary of the claim put in by MPs.
Case stems from a Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010 - just a year after the MPs' expenses scandal erupted.
Seven-year-old boy raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food.
The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him.
When he resisted, they set him on fire, Inspector Sasthe said.
Boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, somehow managed to escape.
RSPCA inspectors were called to the house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol.
They found a small horse chained to the ground in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around.
Another horse was chained to a grassy area nearby.
Both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
Neymar was substituted by Luis Enrique during Barcelona's 2-2 draw at Sevilla.
The Brazilian forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season.
Barcelona are still top of La Liga and challenging for a treble.
Meanwhile in Spain the attention is focused on the Madrid derby.
Arturo Vidal scored from the spot to give Juventus the lead in the second half.
Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty after a collision with Monaco's Alvaro Morata.
Carlos Tevez dropped off in search of the ball in to feet from Pirlo.
Charlie Patino, 11, and his family must weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham.
Like Arsenal star Jack Wilshere he is a talented midfelder.
Charlie takes to the game at an early age, developing a feel for the ball.
The transfer fee involved is £10,000, a sizeable amount to spend on a player who offers potential and promise after six years with Luton.
Three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair flight.
The flight was about to leave Britain for the Algarve at 7pm yesterday.
Two 49-year-old women and a man, 23, were removed from the plane.
Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions delayed the flight.
President Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug dealers.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving life in prison.
The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
White House counsel Neil Eggleston said many of the 22 people whose federal sentences will be cut short by Mr Obama's action would already have served their time.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel Mohsni about his discipline.
The Tunisian defender was booked for reacting to opposition fans.
Rangers travel to Raith in the Premiership on Sunday.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.
In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing.
And they were a third less likely.
to ‘hear’ the song when chewing gum.
The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal.
The German has failed to score since arriving in Serie A in January.
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season.
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995.
Now her son plans to conquer K2 himself.
Dr Mark Porter said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Critics will say that if GPs had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade, there would be much more money around.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on Hudson River.
He was thrown in with Angelika Graswald on Sunday evening.
She managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America.
In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two eBooks detailing his strategies: How to Fly for Free and How to Find Free Flights.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger.
Allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them.
The GIFs are created in the Camoji app.
Once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police.
He was wanted for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan.
Brennan, 25, from Liverpool, vanished in the resort of Javea in January.
His body was wrapped in an industrial-size bin bag with duct tape round it.
Civil Guard officers in Alicante confirmed today they believe Monk may be implicated in the violent death.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month.
Mr Miliband's intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
Mr Major said the SNP would break their pledge not to hold another referendum 'for a generation'
The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes.
First incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week.
Iran seized the cargo ship and claim they had a legal order following a dispute.
Chelsea quartet celebrated Thai New Year with kick-ups.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown took part.
The quartet were joined by Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion.
Brown captained Chelsea's Under 19 side to UEFA Youth League final glory.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday.
Angel di Maria, Juan Mata, Marcus Rojo and Chris Smalling have proved their worth.
Marouane Fellaini has become Manchester United's go-to player in midfielder this season.
Ashley Young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of Van Gaal's plans.
James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault.
She struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014.
Curtin was set to go to trial this week, but prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because she was 'completely justified in her outrage'
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment.
Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user and branded her 'Miss Bonkers'
Tribunal found she was a'resilient person' who had suffered 'disgraceful' harassment and victimisation by colleagues at Russian-based Sberbank CIB.
She was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the Central London Employment Tribunal.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon.
The 37-year-old daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect.
He covered the hair with natural clay to make the heads look bald.
Figures show 617 youngsters aged under ten in West Midlands between 2009 and 2014.
They include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year.
Nine-year old girl also linked to case of criminal damage and five suspected of sexual offences.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim.
Chloe was stripped naked and sexually assaulted in woods near Calais.
She was forced into Huminski's car and driven to isolated wood.
Mother, named only as Isabelle, 'heard her daughter's screams' but was unable to do anything.
Husinski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women.
Ms Morris has brushed off claims he still uses dating site Plenty of Fish.
She said the two are 'crazy for each other' and that she trusts him 'completely'
Mr Hopin was strongly criticised after admitting he didn't know the name of some of his 40 children.
Shocking phenomenon happened at 2pm on Wednesday in the city in Inner Mongolia.
Just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded and the sky returned to normal.
No official comments have been given on what caused the bizarre red sky.
Many link what happened in Aershan to the monster sandstorm attacking Beijing on the same day.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two.
The Cumbrians are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone.
Keith Curle has laid into his players following their 3-1 loss at Accrington Stanley.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup on Saturday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot.
Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header.
Ibrahimovic missed last season's final through injury.
Judge Denzil Lush said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document.
The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville.
She owns a £600,000 house, savings and shares worth £100,000.
Judge said both sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs 'because of the intense acrimony between them'
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts.
LaPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands'
Clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the Democratic nomination for president on Sunday.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing.
His mother, Kim, 43, said her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun'
She said: 'Jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it'
But she slammed what she calls the lenient sentence, saying: 'There is no justice at all'
Jordan was attacked in September 2014, after breaking into the dance made famous by South Korean artist Psy.
But it enraged the other boy, 16, who thought his South East Asian ethnicity was being mocked.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
He allegedly targeted them during army interview and screening process.
Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands.
One of the women fell pregnant when Mee raped her in a locked waiting room.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kim Scott posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding between Ms Scott and her partner of five year Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner on Saturday.
Ms Scott's sister wrote a lengthy poem detailing how the couple met, fell in love, and got engaged.
She describes the moment of their engagement in Thailand, and that it was 'the happiest moment' for the popular teacher.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin.
The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well.
Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records.
It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
Aidan Coleman rides The Druids Nephew at Aintree on Saturday.
The 26-year-old stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty.
Coleman is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase.
Hollywood producer, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday.
But as he fights to throw out the allegations, the New York Daily News reports that police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein.
The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City on Saturday.
Chapman was seen rolling up to the compound in a silver Mercedes-Benz before she went inside.
Weinstein voluntarily went to
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser currently costs £6.74 at Boots.
It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients.
Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family in Mosul, Iraq, last August.
She and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped.
Hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window.
But she says she shakes with fear every time she sees'someone with a beard'
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'
She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida, on Wednesday.
It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday.
He declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February.
Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the International Monetary Fund.
At a summit in Brussels today, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is expected to appeal to German Chancellor Angela Merkel for more aid.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea.
The 21-year-old beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney.
MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of Year award.
An intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast Low is battering the NSW coast.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007.
It is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever.
East Coast Lows are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines.
They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding.
Powerful winds on Monday night and Tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in Edgecliff, in Sydney's eastern
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
She was working on Pinocchio the musical at Coutts Crossing Public School.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare.
They are appealing for community assistance to find her.
Michael Phelps will return to the pool in Arizona next week.
The 29-year-old was banned from swimming in September for drink-driving.
Phelps is the most decorated Olympian in history with 22 medals.
He will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School.
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.
The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault.
Newport County have sacked the striker after he was jailed.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson.
She was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013.
Gibson has undergone 15 brain surgeries - lasting seven hours for each operation.
Miss Taylor has taken to her mum Suzannah’s blog Chronicles of a Lumpy Person to share her distressing experience living with a brain condition.
Fabian Orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the Spanish football federation.
Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets.
The incident happened during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta Vigo.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy.
Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
Palmer customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through.
Alan Barnes, 67, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear.
He was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year.
The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000.
Mr Barnes said it felt 'fantastic' to be in his new home as he showed off its modern kitchen.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters.
Arnold Palmer is unable to play because of a shoulder problem.
The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday.
The government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't immunise their kids.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.
The changes could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township.
The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
At least one of the individuals checked in early Sunday morning before the gunshots were heard at about 9 a.m.
David Moyes waved goodbye to Manchester United exactly a year ago.
United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four.
Moyes and Van Gaal have both made mistakes but the Dutchman seems to have the strength of personality to correct them in time.
Philippe Saint-Andre has struggled as head coach of Les Bleus.
He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge.
Saint-Andre will remain in charge for the World Cup in England.
Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year.
Williams has lost only five sets on tour this season.
She has won the last two grand slams at the US Open and in Melbourne.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - formed when up to 60 rebel factions merged to fight Syrian regime.
Group claims to have command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters.
Dozens of masked special units show off range of skills including close-range combat.
Al-Islam operates in embattled Syrian city of Damascus and is reportedly funded by wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia.
A parking attendant managed to plough a 200mph supercar through a shop.
Roberto Cinti was driving the Ferrari 599 GTO when he mistook the throttle for the brake.
The £300,000 supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and ploughed through the shop front.
Cinti blamed the car's semi-automatic transmission for bamboozling him.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video.
He has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in Australia.
The militant is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
The Commission's investigation, opened in September 2012, had initially covered Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie will not return to the fray after ankle trouble.
Louis van Gaal says he has been dreaming of beating City.
United boss also ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria.
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year.
The TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security.
A male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport.
Despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November, the TSA only investigated in February.
Denver Police Department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified.
David Nicholson, 48, allegedly used school email to set up threesome with prostitute.
Father-of-four'sent explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on dressing up like a pupil.
He is still under investigation by Ofstead after claims he used official school email address to contact escort through adult website.
Mr Nicholson has resigned from The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990.
Investigators believe her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered.
The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open.
Forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca.
Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees in Spain.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal at the Etihad.
James Milner was substituted after a rash challenge from Phil Jones.
Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.
But they believe a private education is the best way to achieve it.
They've put their house on the market for £185,000 to pay the fees.
The Morgans have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday.
The result saw Napoli drop from third place to sixth in Serie A.
President Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat Mikaeel Kular for being sick and left him to die.
She then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Fife.
Police Scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched.
At least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed.
The image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
Features with a high spatial frequency are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies are visible from further away.
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory.
Can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury.
Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats.
Cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections.
But studies have suggested these berries could also have a wide range of other benefits.
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton.
Claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, where de Blasio refused to back her.
De Blasio's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party.
He hopes left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm struck Belarus.
China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
Experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms.
But one European scientist pointed out that the number of dust storms over the decades has always been variable.
Goblins are rock protrusions consisting of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
The softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's debate between Democratic candidates.
The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.
She sat out the rest of the debate.
Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign.
Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were held to a 1-1 draw by Wolves on Saturday.
The draw moved Town closer to securing a place in the Championship play-offs.
Town's play-off hopes are now hanging by a thread with two games remaining.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
It says amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale.
Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range.
West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street.
Moynihan was released from the hospital Friday after weeks of recovery.
The Boston Police Department described his current condition as'serious but improving'
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB.
Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side.
Only the ECB's hopeless media team could launch the domestic NatWest T20 Blast on the same day as an England Test match.
Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments.
The SBS football reporter condemned the commemoration of ANZAC Day.
McIntyre also accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes.
SBS has since responded with an official apology for offence caused.
Social media users labelled McIntyre's comments an 'Un-australian antizac disgrace!'
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in a park in Trenton, New Jersey.
People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!'
Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Ken Clarke has bemoaned the Conservatives' recent electoral performances.
He said the party has 'become much too right-wing' to win an election outright.
Mr Clarke also warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Padraig Harrington returns to Augusta after a year’s absence.
US Public Links champion Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut.
Half of the par fours had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher.
Kim and Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel.
Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital.
Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks.
Michael O'Leary claims Ryanair will slash its fares by as much as 15 per cent.
The airline boss took aim at Air France in an interview with Le Journal du Dimanche.
He claimed most European airlines have an average ticket price of €170 for a short flight.
The inn is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset.
The estate already has a Prince George House.
Poundbury is Prince Charles' personal 20-year social experiment.
Cristiano Ronaldo has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
The 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.
Ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play alongside.
Keith Cameron scammed his friend and neighbour out of £476,864.
The 54-year-old promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment.
But it was all an elaborate lie and Cameron was today jailed for five years.
Mr Speirs died of stomach cancer in 2012 after investing in his friends scam.
Bubba Watson was off the pace at the Shenzhen International.
The defending champion sits four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead.
Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday.
The suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday.
Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn.
David Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground.
He was unarmed and Mearkle, 36, claimed she shot him in self-defense.
A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am.
Officials said the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute.
Local police called in the Charleston County Sheriff's Department, the crisis negotiations team, SWAT, and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation.
Geoff Barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away.
He said his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 despite 34million plays.
Portishead founder said he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more.
Barrow said he was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal.
Jay Z launched his own streaming service, Tidal, this month.
The suicides of five young sailors have unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy.
The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father, Mark Addison, was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son's life support.
Matt Henry, who was
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared.
The sperm whale is the largest toothed whale.
Adult males reach 16-20 meters (50-65 feet) in length, although most are less than 18 meters (60 ft)
Males are much smaller than males, reaching only 11 meters (36 feet) on average.
Alvaro Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer.
The deal included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club.
There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Negredo.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
The Uruguayan hasn't impressed for PSG this season.
Louis van Gaal prefers to work with younger players.
Cavani has scored 11 goals in the French league this campaign.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens.
They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen.
First Russian plane brings Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia.
Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
All fixtures in the Premier League and Football League will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze.
The inferno ripped through Valley Parade on May 11, 1985 during the first half of a game against Lincoln City.
Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster.
Football League supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
Norwich beat Brighton 2-1 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday.
Bradley Johnson scored a second-half winner for the hosts.
Cameron Jerome scored the winning goal for the Canaries.
Fenerbahce team bus was shot at near the city of Trabzon on Saturday.
Driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, after initially saying he may have been struck by a stone.
Security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit, averting an accident.
None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent.
In Bedfordshire, crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response.
Labour's Yvette Cooper claimed victims of crime were being put at risk.
The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image of herself pointing gun on Facebook.
She captioned photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me"
She then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported.
Suspect, who lives in Virginia, has been charged with harassment by computer.
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah.
He said he acted on the orders of Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints leader Warren Jeffs.
Jeffs is serving life behind bars for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls.
Barlow said he lived in fear that Jeffs and other leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he didn't act as they wanted.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for her daughter Alice to go to school.
Alice's brothers Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's.
Ms Whitehouse found out today that her daughter will attend Middleton Parish C of E Primary School instead.
The mother-of-eight is planning to appeal Rochdale Council's decision.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia.
He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two young cubs.
Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild in Omsk.
They are being fed cow's milk with honey and enjoy playing with furry toys.
Grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed.
Footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey.
The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
Scientists have reported multiple cases of cape fur seals attacking blue sharks in South Africa.
They have been seen devouring their guts before leaving the rest of the carcass.
Divock Origi was voted the second most overrated player in Ligue One.
The 19-year-old joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup.
Origi was loaned back to Lille for this season.
Simon Mignolet has backed Origi to be a success at Liverpool.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London.
The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools.
Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off.
His friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal.
He remains in a critical condition in hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Scotland Yard confirmed no arrests have yet been made in connection with the incident.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year.
70 per cent of women rely on pure chance while 47 per cent rely on pot luck.
Jockey Sam Twiston Davies admitted that he always salutes a magpie.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy.
She thought implants would boost her confidence.
The mother-of-three saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D.
Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin on Saturday.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for the Biancocelesti.
Leonardo Bonucci doubled Juve's lead.
Sampdoria held to goalless draw by Cesena.
A steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray on Sunday.
The 25-year-old black man died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries.
Gray was detained on April 12 after he ran away from police. He asked for an inhaler as he screamed in pain during the arrest and requested medical attention, but was denied.
Some 34 people were arrested, according to Baltimore Police Department, and six police officers sustained minor injuries.
Tamale Rocks discovered the two-way mirror in Chicago bar Cigars and Stripes.
She opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the mirror.
The bar's owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it.
He insisted that the mirror has brought his staff 'joy'
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by ISIS last year.
They have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State.
Some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors.
Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing abortions and secret surgeries to'reverse loss of virginity' on the victims.
The young girls are some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer.
AP McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday.
Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
McCoy shocked the racing world by announcing his intention to quit riding.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush.
Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags.
Scientists have developed a ‘self-cleaning’ coating that can be sprayed onto materials.
O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood'
'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place.
Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere'
Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond.
Australian TV presenter Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians began Instagramming it.
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure.
Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
The pictures were taken over a four month period from April to July last year across Asia.
Mr Gable is already working on a new related project documenting corn production and after that, he plans to do a similar investigation of wheat.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California during the offseason.
He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe.
The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar.
He said he drove it at 180mph in a 40mph zone on the Isle of Man.
Mr Martin is also facing a probe for allegedly going four times the speed limit.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.
The FA are in a tricky position because they are getting hammered by the travelling fans at every away game for the ‘two caps for Wembley’ loyalty scheme.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm.
Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat.
Her fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house.
He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot.
Police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction.
Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament.
The 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for 'corrupting public morals'
PIE campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s.
It wants MPs to set up a statutory body to regulate the press.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed.
Comedian and former The View star, Joy Behar, tweeted on Monday: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with'
Miami Herald columnist, Lesley Abravanel had said Brandt, 65, had been 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue.
Mrs Kebede is the first black woman to grace the cover of Vogue since Rose Cordero in March 2010.
British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover in January.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy.
The offender is described as being'very tall'
He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday.
Police are appealing to the public to help identify the man.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born.
She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday - but defied predictions.
Now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children.
Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
Panel convened by Global Warming Policy Foundation.
It will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records.
Sceptics claim adjustments have skewed records of global warming.
Panel will also examine 'extrapolations' when records include virtual figures.
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk.
Its dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire yesterday.
Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out.
The 68-year-old former US President said he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality.
Mrs Clinton is expected to launch her presidential bid within the next two weeks.
Mr Clinton has previously sparked controversy on his wife's campaign trail, including with remarks about President Obama's 2008 campaign being a 'fairytale'
‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers around the world began to uncover the gory details.
The documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year.
This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development.
They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to form the lip and petals.
The scientists were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing.
Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them.
This is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers,
Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account.
Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online.
Blackpool's recent history has been entrenched in bitter disputes off the pitch.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland on Wednesday.
The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp.
The tiny copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago.
It suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean.
Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC.
They say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage.
The find suggests that the village of Saltford was on a major trade route long before Roman times.
Bernadette Forde was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in June 2011.
She was found with a dictaphone which had recorded her'suicide note'
Her carer, Gail O'Rorke, has pleaded not guilty to three charges.
The 43-year-old taxi driver is accused of helping Ms Forde commit suicide.
Ms Forde, from Donnybrook, said: 'I just can't live with his anymore. It's just my life is s**t... everything is just a nightmare'
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American.
The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Two 17-year-old boys arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria.
Also detaining a 'terror fundraiser' in Coventry, West Midlands.
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station.
West Midlands Police has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists.
Colin Hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before driving.
Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines.
Hendry, who is out of work, admitted drink driving on February 21.
He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar.
His lawyer Gwyn Lewis told Blackpool Magistrates' Court his income was'meagre'
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability.
The 19-year-old said he would take Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts.
Wilson has scored one Premier League goal this season.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy.
By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock.
He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.
And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival.
It is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Three dogs in Bahama, North Carolina, take their positions on their make-shift stage.
Sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on Sky’s ear as if whispering something.
Meanwhile the other Springer Spaniel moves about the room wagging its tail.
The three dogs point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony.
Photos show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen.
Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting.
But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear.
Photographer Olga Barantseva said: 'We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears'
Images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
The majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders.
In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in Sheffield Hallam.
He won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent.
Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
But a poll by Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters are now planning to vote for Mr Clegg's Labour opponent Oliver Coppard.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance over the past few months.
But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it.
The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 with a near perfect stance.
Compare that to the other picture from last week, in which his front foot is far too open.
Scottish First Minister talked up chances of being Westminster's king-maker.
Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists.
But a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table, she said.
Comments come just days after Alex Salmond was caught boasting: 'I'm writing Labour's Budget'
Newcastle United host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests.
The Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games.
Tenants paying £150 a week to live in exclusive parts of Mayfair and Covent Garden.
They could now get chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000.
The properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions when new developments are built over a certain size.
But value of housing stock has raised questions over whether they should be sold to fund more housing.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved.
The 24-year-old from Dorset has had his citizenship change ratified.
Cook has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup on Saturday afternoon.
Fifth-placed Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left.
Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA cup would save their season.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws.
Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs.
Local media suggest this is a way for the locals to save money on transportation.
SsangYong is launching a new sports utility vehicle from under £13,000.
The Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines.
It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX.
Entry level SE, from £12,950, is finished in grey cloth trim.
Eni Mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, lungs and liver six months after she befriended David Marshall while out jogging.
The pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife.
Court heard how at the time of the attack Marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a girl.
He was told he must serve a minimum term of 20 years and six months for her killing.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival.
The 39-year-old was already facing serious drug charges.
He was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday.
Mr Baggaley's barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading drew 6.9 million viewers.
The Premier League and FA blame each other for their rights holders, Sky and the BBC.
Luke Shaw and Joe Root enjoyed one of their better games against Chelsea.
Kevin Pietersen is the elephant in the room, even at England’s sleepy Sugar Ridge Hotel on the day after the first Test.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts will be moved to Saturday, May 2.
The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live.
Hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with Rangers for the play-off slots.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
His body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health.
He was reportedly killed near Tikrit, where he was working alongside ISIS militants.
The 72-year-old headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen.
She told doctors she believed she was in labour and was prepared to deliver child.
But medics at Botosani County Hospital prepared to operate.
They were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all.
Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
Dr Dorin Scladan removed the tumour and she was transferred to intensive care.
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny'
Ms Walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from.
Aberash Bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage.
She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors.
Miss Jolie helped produce the film and spoke about how it will'make a change'
But she believes the film could put her and her family in danger.
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday in 1998.
Harry Kane has matched Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season.
Kane's 22 goals in 40 appearances in the Premier League beats Owen's 20.
No player had ever won Player of the Month three times in a row.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall.
He chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair.
Keeley launched a chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her.
Barristers had to step in to break the pair up and Keeley was jailed for two years.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester.
The England and Lions flanker appeared to be in doubt last month.
Croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers’ victory over Newcastle.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday afternoon.
The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Children as young as eight banned from attending British mosque over'safety' fears.
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon.
Parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and expressed 'grave concerns' about the teaching of Islam.
Sally Cox, 39, stopped her son Jed Pearce, 10, from going on the visit.
She said: 'I don't want my son being shot. Also this is not a religious school yet they are willing to take a whole day out for religion'
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.
He took three lice and rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg.
On the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
The experiments of these two men are the subject of Laura J Snyder’s new biography.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20'
The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fuanaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child.
After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together.
She also has four children from a previous marriage.
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea.
One of the carriers involved, Dubai-based Emirates, referred to the apparent near-miss as an 'air traffic control incident'
Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other.
However a Resolution Advisory (RA) was given to both planes.
Etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams.
She accused her of having an affair with her partner.
Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at a charity event.
The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink.
Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila has called for Josh Meekings to be spared a Scottish Cup Final ban.
Meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match.
The defender blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths with his hand.
FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW.
The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
Her husband Alan posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on her Facebook page.
The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a yellow marinade.
It was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln in northwest China.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel.
The kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights.
She says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
Jemima says that it's obstacles like these that have made her want to speak out publicly about reproductive rights.
Daniel, five, made the unwitting admission during an ITV interview.
It is the fourth time the Milibands have appeared on screen during the campaign.
But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final.
Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team.
Wilcox was let go by his current employers as a teenager.
The former Blackburn winger says it will be very difficult.
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday.
Kawhi Leonard scored 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals.
San Antonio also extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight.
LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran, took chase when Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston in December 2012.
Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license.
Martinez leaped into the air to kick Gaydos, knocking him to the ground.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Martinez.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed.
The 39-year-old had the procedure, known as an oophorectomy, in March.
Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check.
John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'
He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much.
Other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
Pregnant women with hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) are more likely to have children with language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a study claims.
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the debilitating condition.
HG is a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, allegedly shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings.
Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
Victoria, 41, wore heels to cheer on son Romeo, 12, in children's marathon.
Accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt.
Also wore a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair.
The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back.
Picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi.
His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims.
Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, figures reveal.
It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour's reliance on union’s militant boss Len McCluskey.
Tory donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign.
Jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens, Greece, to see the ancient world.
He fell to the ground while walking with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear.
Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football, died a hospital in the Greek capital after being taken there by ambulance.
Two others boys who attended Rockland High School with him also died in the past six months.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of pet hates - which gets longer by the day.
She is a self-confessed bargain hunter who hates it when she discovers her vouchers are out of date.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles.
Martinez insists that his tactics are 'innovative' and points to his changes made against Southampton.
Psychology expert Ramani Durvasula said that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples.
She said that the more complicated the assembly, the more likely your new purchase will leave you and your partner at odds.
The Liatorp home entertainment unit requires two people for assembly and involves putting together a large amount of shelving.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago.
What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened.
This is known as the giant impact hypothesis.
It claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body.
The impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth and then later condensed to form the moon.
Scientists at the Israel Institute of Technology and the Southwest Research Institute in Colorado said that Theia actually had a similar composition to
James Rodriguez opens the scoring for Real Madrid.
Cristiano Ronaldo doubles the lead just before half-time.
Javier Hernandez equalises for Almeria.
Real Madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday.
The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
He was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers, and the car drove off.
Adkins was charged with menacing, a fourth-degree misdemeanor.
Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger.
The Southampton midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Wanyama has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with Mauricio Pochettino.
Southampton are expected to lose more players in the summer.
Eligah Christian, 49, was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars.
Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla.
He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Christian was charged with felony reckless driving and criminal mischief.
Radamel Falcao has scored just four goals for Manchester United this season.
The Colombian striker has been on loan at Old Trafford.
Manchester United chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday.
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev said they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford set to compete at Anniversary Games.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago.
They return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis.
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty.
Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
Rapper Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga.
Tyga appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal.
Senator Bob Corker, of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it.
Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday.
The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30.
Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
Corey Edwards, five, is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect.
He has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
Craig and Jemma Edwards decided to marry at Bristol Children's Hospital.
They had been engaged for three years but had to get special permission.
Gary Neville believes Manchester City need to be bold and take on FFP regulations.
Neville believes City would struggle to attract top players thanks to financial restrictions.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him with Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices.
Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds.
All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete the photos they took themselves.
Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses.
The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals.
Scientists from ISPA University Institute in Portugal studied the different sounds made by the fish.
They found that mute males were more likely to face intruders in their nests.
This suggests that 'boatwhists' are an effective warning siren.
Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in Vietnam.
In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic.
Thompson says the commute in Vietnam makes the daily battle on the Tube that Londoners endure look easy.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side must do better in the most important games.
The Reds have not won a trophy since 1956-1959.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
He then flew the plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board.
Girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27.
She said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page.
Her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Thelma & Louise star Susan Sarandon.
A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville saying JANNuzzi had been reinstated.
Mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Staff helped them cross the busy high street and dashed to help them across.
But ducks followed them back to the office and stayed for the morning.
Resourcer Melissa Patrick, 18, filmed the amusing episode on her mobile phone.
Restaurateurs in Italy are angry with the US corporation for attacking their cultural diet.
They have said they will take them to court.
The row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza.
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, was stopped on his way to one child's home.
He had already used bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses.
Fredricksen has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Saturday morning.
One person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery.
All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but provided no details.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms.
Disgruntled and disgusted fans uploaded pictures to social media revealing their trauma in getting to the bathroom.
Cubs spokesman Julian Green said that 'with 35,000 fans showing up in the ballpark tonight, we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods'
A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west.
Police believe that all children are under the age of six.
One child who died in hospital was aged seven.
Another child, who died en route to the Royal Children's Hospital, was aged one and a half.
The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital.
Adrian Schaffner is filmed descending the ski runs of the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair.
Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha – an Appenzeller mix according to the owner.
The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft into hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011.
She was playing with her sisters Abigail, 14, and Adelynn, 10, when she fell.
Doctors told her parents: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises.
Her mother, Christy, and father, Kevin, believe their daughter 'has no interest in melodrama'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour.
Zlaaatan.com has an identical style to Google and operates just like the search engine.
Users can search for any information about the Paris Saint-Germain forward.
The website has no affliation with the French giants' No 10.
Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off.
He correctly predicted 19 of the 22 players who took to the field.
But he incorrectly predicted Jordan Ibe would make his first Liverpool start.
The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts.
The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.
Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
Hansen made an emotional plea to the victims' families while in court saying she prayed for them every night and that she was 'heartbroken'
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea.
The plan, called the Mole Urban project, aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas.
It would send freight in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres.
If successful could be rolled out in other towns, although it is still a long way from fruition.
Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment.
Now, experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for you.
Some hair follicles are rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011.
It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position.
If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Apple's proposed system would track the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used, or is placed flat on a table.
Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as Trusted face in the Smart Lock menu.
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on the first day of their opening two-day tour match.
Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out before England declared with a mammoth 320 lead.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood brought in for a work out.
James Tredwell outperformed Adil Rashid in the contest to be England's Test spinner next week.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system.
She collided head-on with a car carrying two children in February 2014, and one of the children later died from their injuries.
Keaton, who was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time, was indicted by a grand jury in February.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year.
He was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb, and weighed only 558 grams.
His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
They have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the Australian Red Cross.
China National Tourism Administration to start tracking actions abroad.
Police, customs officers, border control and bank credit agencies will be contacted.
They are hoping strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday.
Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down.
The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental, though the exact cause is yet to be identified.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, had emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine.
Now she has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma and a bag.
Writing on her blog morethanyourbag.com, Hattie opens up about life after undergoing emergency surgery.
Sign has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place.
It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if left behind.
Sign has grammatical errors, according to one expert.
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19.
She allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack.
Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of murder.
Baby was born by caesarian on March 17 this year.
Defence team rejected claims of premeditated murder.
Yaphet Kotto said James Bond cannot be portrayed by a black man.
He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor.
His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba is in the running.
Elba is seen as the leading contender to play Bond once Daniel Craig holsters his Walther PPK for the last time.
Hogs Breath Café in Aspley, Australia, is facing online criticism.
A diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times.
Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police.
The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues.
Tribunal ruled that the Zimbabwe-born officer was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race.
Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised because he was black.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was shot in the back with a.270 rifle on Saturday night.
He was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island.
His friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the shoulder.
Mr Verschuure has spent days in hospital since he was shot at the back of his shoulder blade.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy.
This energy is used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down.
Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can then use their stored supply for power.
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country.
Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Kerry said Washington was not looking for confrontation with Tehran.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman.
Police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival.
She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter.
Store owner Eve Cope accused officers of giving a 'green light' to shoplifters.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to DOJ employees on Friday.
Said soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing.
Inspector general's report found DEA mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz called the findings'stunning'
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax.
He was evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years.
Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax as the Tories have vowed to if they win office.
Orlando City are sixth in the Eastern Conference after five games.
Kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season.
The Brazilian hit the gym to prepare for Sunday's trip to Portland Timbers.
John and Carolyn Jackson are accused of abusing their three foster children over a period of years.
The Jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children.
They have only been charged for abusing the foster children.
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states.
Quakes were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Since 2000, several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity.
Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage.
He is committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
Hang collaborated with fashion blogger Margaret Zhang for the runway show.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad.
The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia.
Ansari celebrated his call-up with four Essex wickets at The Kia Oval.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired into crowd of people in College Park, Georgia.
One bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit her 15-year old son.
Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from other boy.
When first responders arrived at scene, he was lying unconscious on floor.
He was not breathing and bullet was lodged in his head, it is alleged.
Tilson arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault.
She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during American War of Independence.
Collection has been under lock and key for 200 years.
Queen declared herself'stunned' by contents of the archive, all previously unseen.
Digitisation of 350,000 papers will be overseen by academics from King's College London.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on Laurence Pearce.
The Tongan number eight had been warned in the past over his ill-discipline.
Leicester fought back from a 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points.
Captain Ben Youngs scored Leicester's first try in the third minute.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East.
British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors.
The towering structure took almost 10 years to build - and more than 30,000 workers - and was only completed in 2007.
Uber driver Everardo Custodio, 22, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in the busy neighborhood.
The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at the man, striking him multiple times.
Custodio was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
Police have not yet released a motive for Everado's shooting.
Kristina Schake, 45, has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA.
She has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team.
Will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician into softer, more accessible figure.
Ms Schake helped to transform Michelle Obama's public image into 'everywoman'
She is reportedly behind drive to get ex-secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, elected.
Mrs Clinton is expected to announce her run for White House this month.
The Pillars of Creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the Hubble Space Telescope.
Now, astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust.
The image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde.
Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death.
Ouyang faces between 2 to 5 years in prison if convicted--up to 8 years if the courts deem the poisons involved can cause 'great bodily harm or death'
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham warn NHS 'cannot survive' another five years.
They say there has been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS.
Ambulance response times for most serious call-outs will rise to nine minutes.
500,000 fewer older people will receive social care.
600,000 people will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys.
Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, Western Australia.
The soldier who claims to have shot the Taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir works as a training commander.
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers.
He was awarded the VC for his actions in September 2008, when, despite being advised not to go and help, Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter.
In 2012 warlords again threatened to 'eliminate' the prince.
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Glasgow for £780,700 in December 2011.
She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home'
It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room.
Ms Mone also owns a five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, which has been fully re-decorated.
Rafa Benitez took Napoli into the Europa League semi-final with 6-3 aggregate win over Wolfsburg.
Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season.
The Spaniard has been linked with a return to England with Manchester City.
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct.
The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen.
Agger rejoined Brondby from Liverpool last August.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal.
Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
Rojo invited her to his friend’s flat for a more private party, but she declined and they parted.
The Argentine defender was in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria.
Diamond, who's 36, has identified as female since she was a child and began hormone therapy when she was 17.
She has been subject to ridicule and even sexual assault while behind bars.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year.
He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months.
The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
Mr Bellini is seeking funding for his project, called Adrift, which he hopes to begin in November 2016.
His goal is to see an iceberg ‘in the last phase of its long life,’ observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean.
As an iceberg melts, its centre of mass can change dramatically until, in a
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence.
One television network mocked up what 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders.
The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.
Chelsea Under 19 team take on Shakhtar Donetsk in UEFA Youth League final.
Adi Viveash's side will start as favourites in Nyon, Switzerland.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on Friday.
Solanke has scored 11 goals in the competition so far.
Adidas Ultra Boost trainers go on sale for £130 ahead of the London Marathon.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow.
The trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women.
They are made using adidas Primeknit fabric which is said to 'allow the natural expansion of any foot shape'
Custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million.
The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers, but this version was built for just a single tycoon.
It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen.
More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck of the vessel, with eight full beds.
Bettina Liano is being pursued for almost $130,000 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012.
The jeans designer relaunched her label last year as By Bettina Liana after going into liquidation in 2013.
Liano previously went into administration in 2011 but was briefly revived by a deal with the Apparel Group, which turned sour.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from streets.
The 31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages.
He would set traps to kill strays and occasionally even people's pets.
Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed him a fine of just £200.
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening range'
It comes just in time for the birth of the royal baby.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300.
In response, George has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting at £4.
The collection includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown and sateen romper.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit.
He said the Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners.
But he refused to rule out cuts for child benefit or the disabled.
Mr Gove was asked specifically: 'There will be no more changes'
Kady Marsh was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family.
She moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby Isla.
But she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘over 18s only’
‘I said: "Oh no, she’ll only be seven-weeks-old, that's ridiculous,"’ Kady said.
'He said we couldn't be there and told me to use the disabled toilet
Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
The newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath.
His mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth to care for her son full-time.
She is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen.
About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round.
The 21-year-old shot a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par.
Johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow American.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey are on the same mark as Johnson.
Phil Mickelson lies tied sixth after a 68, one shot ahead of Ernie Els.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs.
Horan shared a photo on social media of him and McIlory before the pair headed out onto the course.
McIlroy shot a one-under-par round on the par-three course on Wednesday.
Tiger Woods also played the Par 3 Contest for the first time in 11 years.
Trinity Culley, 10, secretly watched One Born Every Minute against parents' wishes.
Her mother Dee Culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule.
Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay.
Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'
The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep.
Sterling scored in last night’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United.
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy.
He put his hand inside the machine's hatch - but when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside.
The four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped in the machine.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him.
In a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center at about 3am Wednesday.
Authorities believe someone may be helping Taylor hide.
A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor's arrest.
Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke out on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show.
She said she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on.
At her heaviest, she weighed 127.5 kgs.
The Maybe Tonight singer underwent gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words.
The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29.
Saunders handed his rival his first career defeat.
Now the duo are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'
His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
The rate applied to income over £150,000, and Labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected.
Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls is said to want the new top rate to be temporary.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013.
Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity.
She also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother.
Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her'medical expenses'
High school friend Chelsey Whild said a further $2,000 was raised for Meaghan at a bowling alley event.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach.
She is known as the 'celebrity whisperer'
Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron and Halle Berry.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women.
The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Some clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead by a deceased patient's son.
Davidson and his wife Terri have two daughters, seven and nine, and a son, two.
She was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting.
Amy Johnson, 38, faces two assault charges after she allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker over her order of fries.
The mother was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west.
She allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face.
Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.
Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay.
Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs.
George Kirby and Doreen Luckie will marry after first getting together 27 years ago.
The pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days.
George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13.
Doreen said: 'I won't be much of a blushing bride, but I'm getting a bit giddy thinking about it'
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28.
Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen.
Just two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page.
The boy's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon was in 'bad taste'
Bowe Bergdahl, the U.S. Army Sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years was found to have be 'going over to the other side with a deliberate plan'
The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation.
Bergdahl will face charges under articles 85 and 99 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Veronica 'Roni' Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.
Four were killed instantly in the collision.
Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Veronica and Ely’s sister, who has not been identified, were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles.
The Eagles Palace hotel is 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki.
It is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
The watersports don't come cheap - €70 for two people for ten minutes' parasailing.
Dozens of workers at the factory have been sacked and deported.
Workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions.
They were accused of brutality at their'sweatshop' factory in Mauritius.
The factory was exposed by The Mail on Sunday for its low wages.
Jordan Spieth has hailed the'most incredible week' of his life.
The 21-year-old held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win the Masters.
Spieth is the second youngest Masters winner of all time.
He is the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years.
Sales of Manny Pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales.
Buyers are stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow was suspended for seven minutes on Sunday.
Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal Tula.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall.
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace.
Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently flew in under the radar,' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why.
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah.
Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried.
A Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force' but later increased to 12 years following an appeal.
Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter - named Smile - could live a shame-
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected.
A few weeks after having the weave, she developed painful boils.
Miss Campbell spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament.
There is interest from China in hosting the event.
Hearn revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council and broadcast partner the BBC.
Luke Shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the Victorian bushland.
He was found just three kilometres from where he went missing on Friday.
Doctors say they are stunned with how healthy he is considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday.
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the group's Congressional Gold Medal for permanent display at the National Museum of the US Air Force.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders.
The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease at the age
Firefighter Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.
In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp.
During the video, the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while the troll was roundly criticized, being called a moron and accused of working at McDonald's.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year.
It comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket.
Experts believe people are buying the books and magazines because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent.
Arsene Wenger is the winner of the Premier League Manager of the Month award.
It is his 14th accolade and is the same as Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all, including one for February 1997.
Wenger's win means Arsenal now have 14 overall.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.
The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years previously.
Mr Fraser said it was what his father would have wanted.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.
The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Hackett senior admitted that while the threat was never reported to police, it was taken very seriously by the swimmer's family.
Paul Pogba has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona are interested.
Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy.
She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos.
The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.
Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, was given 5 years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson.
Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
Anderson died after being beaten and run over.
Pietro Boselli, 26, from Brescia, Italy, says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at UCL.
He says he didn't want students in his classroom or his teaching peers to know, saying: 'I think, in a way, I was ashamed. I thought people in academia would look down on me'
The advanced maths teacher has now achieved his PHD and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012.
He was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital.
Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the Darcy suffered came from a paddle board.
Dr Wilkins described the injuries the toddler sustained as 'tram-line marks' and said he had only ever seen them inflicted on a child.
Darcy was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London.
He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'
It allowed him to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US.
The rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states.
Racism is also common in the 'rust belt' which straddled the upper Northeastern US and the Appalachian Mountains.
Map based its results on Google search data – a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama's electoral chances.
Brian Bayers tearfully told WAVE how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house.
When he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
After going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck.
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis.
She died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month.
Fuller has written about how her illness went undiagnosed until her early 20s.
Said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and her suicide doesn't change that.
First time since records began that sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row.
Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy.
They are also a major rebuff to Tony Blair, who claimed leaving the EU would cause'significant damage to our economy'
N'Golo Kante has impressed for Caen this season.
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on the midfielder.
Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old.
Poppy Moore, 23, wed Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office.
She wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
Among the guests were Poppy's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina.
Bobby Moore captained England's 1966 World Cup winning side.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
The young boy cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks.
Mr Le Pen repeated his claim that the Holocaust was 'a detail of history'
He also praised France’s wartime leader Marshal Petain, who collaborated with Hitler.
His granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, confirmed she would seek party's nomination.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her.
But during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted'
The trial is expected to last two weeks.
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting.
But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media.
Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body.
One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Van Gaal has taken United back to where they wanted to be.
Ashley Young has been arguably United's best player this season.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire.
The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix.
Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut.
She turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday.
Her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations.
Mooney was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year.
Massimo Cellino has claimed that Red Bull have launched a bid to buy Leeds.
Cellino said majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering an offer.
Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer from Red Bull.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month.
Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
But Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody with their children.
Malik, who has fled the UK with his family, was pictured at a protest outside the Lebanese embassy in London in May last year holding a pro-ISIS poster.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs.
Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years.
Now the Slimming World consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend.
She resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status.
Despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend.
A new financial survey has shown Australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row.
The survey uses the purchasing parity index to determine the relative price levels to the US dollar.
A luxurious Sydney hotel room will set you back $1126 per night, $640 more than in New York.
Our public transport, petrol, cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than America.
Veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag.
Letterman had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates.
The veteran host attempted to recover by offering further advice to graduates to 'eat salad' and 'always be nice'
Manchester City's Under 18s side lost 3-1 to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
City have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben and his daughter Poppy when he was 73.
He says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding.
But he takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier.
With more than 300,000 views on YouTube since late March, some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour in the show’s over-the-top depiction of Americans on the slopes.
George and Amal Clooney have returned to Italy to celebrate her birthday.
The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como.
Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February.
It comes after local Italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
There are three large, landscaped terraces that total almost 3,100 square feet.
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated her dog Ben was stolen.
The 10-year-old terrier was snatched from her garden in Knowle West, Bristol.
Mrs Garton put up posters near her home but received a call threatening to cut up the dog unless she paid £500.
Men, women and children were seen huddled together on the fringe of the execution site.
They were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery in the eastern province of Ghanzi.
The men were then shot in the head at point-blank range by the insurgents.
Hundreds of locals had gathered in the rural province in eastern Afghanistan to witness the events.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday, 3pm)
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem.
Darron Gibson (stomach) is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas (dead leg) and Steven Pienaar (knee) are back in contention.
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'
The Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age.
De Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley.
PayPal boss Peter Thiel donated £2.4 million to de Grey's anti-ageing institute.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach.
The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of the former England wicketkeeper.
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.
His older brother Christopher killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses.
The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
He moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
The Apple Watch 1 went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours.
The price comparison for the Apple Watch across the UK, Australia and US is set down for April 24.
A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch.
They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current watch.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28.
The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi.
Sarabi escaped from
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper.
Just two years after Fusilier Rigby was hacked to death in Woolwich.
Miss West formed a close bond with Major Draper, who was a mourner at her fiance's funeral.
Major Draper's ex-wife, Jane, said she was not surprised by his new relationship.
Andrew Getty, 47, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises, like no other, the saying that money doesn’t bring you happiness.
A string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses, while another grandson of the family patriarch, Jean Paul Getty III, never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping.
Velella velella are small blue jellyfish-like creatures that are easily blown to shore by strong winds this time of year.
They are covering beaches including Seaside, Manzanita, Astoria and Rockaway Beach in Oregon.
The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances.
Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday.
Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation.
Hundreds of residents took to the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name.
Fred Hatch, 76, was beaten to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour.
Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man.
She discovered blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten.
Alan Rogers, 73, was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released.
The boy, dressed in full combat gear, pelted the Israeli police with stones.
He raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at around six officers.
The incident raised fears that Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis in the second round.
The Canadian top seed has struggled recently, this time slumping to her fourth defeat in six matches.
Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.
It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries.
Now he
Ronald Koeman says his Southampton players must remain focused on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview.
Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.
They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today after their marathon negotiations in Switzerland with several questions outstanding.
All the
West Ham have announced a new five-year multi-million pound kit deal with Umbro.
The Hammers join fellow Premier League sides Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers.
Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
England were dressed by Umbro when Bobby Moore lifted the World Cup in 1966.
Belardo beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo.
The colt looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014.
The world champion will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round.
Maflin is one of four men making their first appearance in the main draw.
Jimmy White has tipped Selby as one of his 'three to watch'
Labour leader Ed Miliband will pledge to'restore Britain's commitment'
He will accuse David Cameron of 'taking Britain to the edge of European exit'
Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe.
But he will say it is'very unlikely' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has resorted to traditional campaign methods.
Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament.
Comes after the Prime Minister and his Lib Dem deputy Nick Clegg were also snapped on the campaign trail posing for photographs with mothers and their babies.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from.
But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
Using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis - or HRMA - researchers can now identify the difference between each twin.
HRMA subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature.
The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them.
San Antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against Houston on Wednesday.
The Spurs moved onto the tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division.
In the Eastern Conference, No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff.
Visitors can feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet.
With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck, it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect.
Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
The changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers.
Richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.
The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form.
His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word.
'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
David Villa rang the New York Stock Exchange opening bell on Monday.
The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for New York City FC.
Lucy Garrod, 27, was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens.
She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to the ulcer growing on the surface of her eye.
But she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
Tests show Avastin gives women around four months’ extra life.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators.
Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF)
It has been available in England via the CDF since last March pending licensing.
Salvina Formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week.
The 101-year-old has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk.
She recently tripped over an uneven footpath.
Ms Formosa, who is a trained sewing teacher, has made over 13 wedding dresses.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas.
His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life.
He said: 'There was no depression, no nothing. He was a good kid'
The child actor, who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom, was said by his manager to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old has been pictured in the past few days.
He is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed.
David's sister Anne cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address.
The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia, on Monday.
He spent an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise.
The prince is scheduled to spend the next month in Australia.
Alessandra, 34, stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti.
Mother-of-two stars in sexy and sporty street-style fashion.
Dafiti signed Alessandra because they believe she embodies style of brand.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course'
Those who pass will be released immediately and those who don't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass.
Anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently says the sanctions are 'volatile and changeable' but notes that they are becoming increasingly stringent.
Images emerged as it was revealed ISIS has erected shocking anti-smoking posters throughout its self-declared caliphate.
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday.
The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters.
Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade.
If Roy Hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? Absolutely not.
Matt Giteau's stellar displays for Toulon have put him back on the Wallabies radar ahead of the World Cup.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on.
But the England captain couldn't push on to that all-important hundred.
Cook left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him.
He is stronger mentally than anyone he will face, so he just has to carry on showing the same discipline.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
He was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, 33, in Kings Cross on January 3.
The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon.
His family has previously said they believe the charge against Barry should be dropped.
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'
Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus.
The positive test happened at a Kroger in Port Huron, Michigan.
An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week.
It claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents.
Norway's Child Protection Service argued that it was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a'sought-after commodity'
Lithuanian based in Ålesund said: 'The birth rate is the lowest in Norway'
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth.
He calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear.
This means that larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example.
But the calculations don't take into account an alien planet’s gravity.
Noah Thomas, 5, was last seen watching cartoons March 22 at home in Dublin, Virginia.
His body was found in a septic tank near the family home March 26.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect.
The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered.
White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister.
Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race'
He said Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism'
Ukip leader dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in South Thanet constituency.
Row started after a group of far-Right supporters supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia.
She had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world.
Her parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot.
Ms Shepherd gained her first degree in business and marketing at the University of Westminster.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
Dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods.
But the anonymous and encrypted nature of it has attracted large amounts of illegal activity.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury.
The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot.
Burton had three children - Santiago, Enrique, and Samaya – aged between 4 and 9.
David Healy said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact.
He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned the town's ice cream truck business in Gloversville'
The couple were arrested and charged with harassment and stalking and the town refused to renew his license to sell ice cream.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm.
The Real Madrid defender denied the claims.
Mandzukaic suffered a cut on his eye after a clash with Sergio Ramos.
Atletico Madrid travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend.
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
Jenkins is accused of robbing 18 Dover businesses from September 2014 to February 2015.
He is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs, said the report.
The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year.
North Korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in February 2013.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR.
The QPR striker scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Harry Kane and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, has quit her $475,000-a-year position at Angelo Gordon & Co.
Official reason for resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'
But many will see the move as a sign that New Jersey governor Christie, 52, is coming closer to seeking the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday.
The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds.
Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo.
Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities.
Maajid Nawaz was a member of HT for 13 years and jailed in Egypt for his commitment to the group.
A spokesman for Nawaz said he denied touching the dancer ‘inappropriately’
Brandon Wyne, 17, and Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light.
They claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car.
Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor.
His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone.
Officer sprayed Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun.
Footage has prompted an investigation into the officers' conduct.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby out for the first time in March 2013.
In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty.
The couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine.
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators.
But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to Lausanne after failing to agree crucial details such as the lifting of U.N.
Ms McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436.
She is the Tory Cabinet minister most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night.
The former GMTV presenter insisted she would not be cowered by the'misogynistic and sexist' attacks.
Tim Sherwood has taken over at Aston Villa from Daniel Levy.
Levy sacked Sherwood as Spurs head coach at the end of last season.
Sherwood has praised the club's board for ending his time at White Hart Lane.
The 46-year-old takes Villa to north London on Saturday.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year.
Some of the messages included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in Syria.
The 22-year-old pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism.
She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Kendraalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population.
About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis.
'The culture has shifted away from rural areas where most of the halls are, but what we see is that these cultures are foundational to what Texans are and what Texas is,' said Patrick Sparks, board president of Texas Dance Hall Preservation.
Ben Flower said that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia every day.
The Wigan Warriors forward was handed a six-month ban for the attack.
Flower is preparing to return to rugby league but is mentally scarred.
Sergi Barjuan has been named as Almeria's new manager.
The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner.
Leutner survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014.
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
But the judge said she was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
If
Education Secretary says Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea'
She would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader.
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to Tories.
But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on Eurosceptic party.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie found the medal in a Melbourne park last week.
The medal belonged to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915.
Mr Manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum.
It led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - the medal's great-nephew.
Norton thinks the inscribed medal doesn't belong to Frederick at all, but to his brother Lewis William.
He recently discovered that Frederick had actually died nine years before 'Bunny' in New Zealand
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered site she had set up for ex-boyfriend Sean Meade.
He claimed he had been unfaithful and 'unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again'
Visitors to Top of the World Roofing website are told it has 'ceased trading at present'
Miss Morgan said updated site had brought in more views than ever before.
Sammy Griner, from Jacksonville, Florida, is the face of the 'Success Kid' meme.
His mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
By Tuesday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.
Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
The findings come in the wake of a European court case on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat.
Raheem Sterling gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday.
The 20-year-old gave his opinion on a variety of matters.
Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool.
He has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009.
Celebrities including Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that wouldn't look out of place on a 25 year old.
Study was spawned by mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012.
12 people were killed and 70 injured during midnight screening of The Dark Knight.
Estimated that taxpayers fork out $229 billion annually because of shootings.
That figure is more than Apple's annual revenue of $174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic, which is $224 billion.
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in the Champions League quarter-final in 2005.
The match was stopped because of flares thrown on the San Siro pitch.
AC Milan are 15 points off Champions League pace in ninth.
Inter are a point and place further behind.
Failure to qualify for next season will see both sides absent.
Michael Gridley, 26, orchestrated scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda.
Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken.
Gridley, from Basildon, Essex, was jailed for a year at Southend Crown Court.
He managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week.
Child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10%.
Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into NHS.
But manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges.
The Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks.
The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking'
Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith dismissed the claims.
He insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work.
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that of Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide and by Nazis in 1930s.
He said article reflective of 'nasty underbelly of racism' in EU countries.
More than 1,750 people have died this year making perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014.
Hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these EmbryoScope images.
The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing.
It also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process.
This narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying.
Photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 using a quadcopter.
He travelled across Europe on his photographic mission, visiting the star fort at Bourtange, Netherlands, for these pictures.
Authorities in charge of sites and cities like that have introduced tough new regulations to stop similar pictures being taken in the future.
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks.
She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has stopped talking.
A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added.
Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.
Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Jose Mourinho said he talks to God every day, but never about football.
The Chelsea manager said he and his family 'know about poverty'
Mourinho said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about Chelsea.
Ashton Wood launched a campaign to help him destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep.
He raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car.
Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle.
Mr Wood is now campaigning for the United State's Lemon laws to be introduced in Australia.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of thieves 21 hours before they were released.
Claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted'
But yesterday detectives insisted they already had the CCTV footage.
This is in stark contrast with response given to MailOnline hours before.
Met finally released pictures late on Saturday afternoon, while Mirror could sell images to other national titles.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.
He is facing opposition from the Premier League.
The proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21.
Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Marseille beat PSG 2-1 in the Ligue 1 clash on Easter Sunday.
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for the visitors after half an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later.
Javier Pastore equalised for PSG with a curling effort from the edge of the box.
Dale Forrest, 26, would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone.
He decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself on Facebook.
In December 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze.
Gave up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym.
Dale has lost 10.5 stone and is now taking part in a charity boxing match.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory.
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing'
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board.
Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week.
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
England's top order collapsed in the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England.
Joe Root and Ben Stokes added 177 for the fourth wicket.
England captain Alastair Cook was dismissed for 11 with his team on 22 for two.
Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father.
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos.
On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own.
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old winger was the subject of enquiries from Tottenham earlier in the year.
Valencia and Chelsea have also watched the winger.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act.
He was found with dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard.
The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Firefighters forced entry to a flat registered to him and found jars containing various powders.
Castor beans, which can be used to make ricin, were also found.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks.
The final will take place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24.
MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history.
Brendon McCullum's aggressive brand of cricket led New Zealand to the World Cup final.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights.
Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with ankle ligament injury.
The Manchester United striker has scored 10 goals this season.
Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in the Dutchman.
Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a fence on Saturday.
Smith, an employee of the MISD, has been placed on administrative leave.
All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Holidaymakers on the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday.
But by the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3.
Passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past the empty security cubicles.
Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
The full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her legs to Instagram this week.
The 29-year-old model is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session.
She says: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!'
Hundreds of other women have shared their images along with the hashtag #loveyourlines.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
He defrauded the taxman of £450,000 but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m.
Khan built a vast estate in Pakistan modelled on Buckingham Palace.
Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona in Serie A on Wednesday night.
Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to West Ham.
The 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by Spain.
Kurt Zouma has impressed at the heart of the Chelsea defence this season.
The 20-year-old hopes to emulate World Cup winner Marcel Desailly.
Zouma joined the Blues in January 2014 after making 73 appearances.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night.
The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final.
Flower came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose.
The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval.
Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
She has previously had to be removed from another property on a crane in 2012.
At the height of the operation, neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13.
She decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008.
Now aged 64, she says she thinks Annegret is'selfish' for having more babies.
California search giant claims latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.
It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
Google Handwriting Input is now available on Android phones, and the firm said it took'many years' to perfect.
The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page.
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964.
The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London.
It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
Savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin.
It owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught.
The hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country.
Qatar’s royal family is also planning their own British palace in the capital.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother.
Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
The former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air.
Lapointe opted for a dark T-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words 'I didn't do it'
He later described his release
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called.
He collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murray’s wedding.
Murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance.
Mr Jack is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby.
The 31-year-old was out of favour with Paul Lambert and Steve McClaren.
Bent has been on loan at Villa Park since January.
Tim Sherwood's side take on QPR on Tuesday night in a relegation clash.
The Colima volcano in Mexico is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes spent eight hours watching the volcano.
He captured the images as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles (3 kilometres) into the air.
The lightning flashes are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar.
It claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
The mood is tribal. I feel as if we’re on our way to a ritual killing.
But the fortysomething woman next to me in the queue to get in promises that he can deliver.
Samuel Tushingham, 26, dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.
District judge Bridget Knight described him as a 'caveman'
But she ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
Tushingham was given a 26-week sentence suspended for 12 months.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday.
The Bulls take a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series.
Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists as the Golden State Warriors beat the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances.
Gomes has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in the death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor.
Charles Taylor was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, April 4.
Taylor's suspected partner in crime, Sean Ball, 32, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina.
Police say Taylor turned on Ball as the two were fleeing police.
Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace Steve McClaren.
Clement is currently a Real Madrid coach and works with Carlo Ancelotti.
McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Hannover have gone 13 games without a win this season.
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor.
The 51-year-old Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has boarded his bright yellow 'fun bus' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities.
Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people.
Mr Clegg is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts.
Food and drink has played a big part in the campaign too, from pulling pints in a Bath pub, to sipping cocktails in the sun in Southampton.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison.
The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence.
At the time of his release, Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Supporters also said Xue was physically abused in detention and denied proper legal rights.
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark off Heron Island in Queensland, Australia.
It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour, such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of feeding and finding a mate.
Former U.S. Army General avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday.
He was instead sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000.
Petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.
It emerged in 2012 that he had been having an affair with his biographer.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday.
The couple were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, is accused of repeatedly punching a patient.
He claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face.
But witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him, tribunal told.
Professor Peckitt faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients.
Vitamin E found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate stress.
This is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing.
For the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E can mitigate the stress on immune cells.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.
But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches.
Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
Professor Allyson Pollock, whose son shattered his cheekbone playing rugby at school, said not enough was being done to monitor the number of injuries.
April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers.
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web.
Ilha de Mana is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.
It boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the heat.
Guests can unwind on sunloungers, relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock, or go for a ride in a speedboat.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving.
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again.
His ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of Hawaii's Lanai island.
The Fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, winning plaudits from critics and the audience alike.
Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train.
The train is now covered in grass and weeds after sitting abandoned for more than two decades.
Director Andrew Davis used 13 cameras to film the scene; three were destroyed in the process.
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat.
The 'Series 7' seats have hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials.
They are designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz devised a lesson plan called 'I wish my teacher knew...' last month, which has spread to classrooms across the nation via Twitter.
Schwartz asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation.
The first note that Schwartz shared on twitter was from a student who said they didn't have pencils at home to do their homework.
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn.
Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election.
He contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest, making him the only Briton to compete two years running.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool.
The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal.
The 24-year-old has been AWOL since early in December.
Ranger has spoken for the first time about his struggles at Blackpool.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon.
The one-minute clip begins with the video maker, who speaks French, offering play-by-play commentary.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers.
It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
They will be in circulation from Monday, but an artist's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved.
There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rob Kardashian, 28, has been missing from the public eye for nearly a year.
He is thought to have struggled with his weight gain in recent years.
His sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes he suffers from social anxiety.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.
Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested.
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said vessels 'need pushing back'
She asked listeners to a radio show: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Miss Hopkins said: 'I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from'
Her comments were labelled 'dangerous' while she was described as a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the UK'
Match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person.
Candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer.
The trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times at a cab office.
The court heard that Nargis Riaz, 22, was terrified that Mr.
Afzal would show intimate photographs to her father.
Chowdhury told Ms Riaz the attack was justified in Islam.
He told her: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'
Co-defendant Muhammad Khan, 23, was acquitted of assisting an offender.
Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal's transfer window dealings.
The Frenchman believes the Gunners need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker in order to win the Premier League.
Henry also hit out at Olivier Giroud, saying he may need replacing.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket.
The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son, 36-year-old David Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
Mrs. Etzel said she never intends to speak to her son again.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.
On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight.
But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor'
She then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life, and then express just how happy she was, even though she was gone.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
United had lost their last four meetings with City.
Just under half of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions.
For men, the figure was even higher, with 52% having suffered from mental issues.
One in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work.
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout.
Tessier's hiring is in contrast to the national scouting organization's ban on openly gay adult members.
The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in Pippingford Park for the second year running.
The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends.
It is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
Codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943.
Current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Aaron Cruden ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months.
Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction.
England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback.
Passenger was walking close to the edge of Philadelphia's 15 Street Station platform when he tumbled.
Passers rushed back in shock as the fallen man dropped from view.
But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.
The men are expected to survive any injuries.
Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada.
At the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
Both men have seemingly unlimited resources — Bezos' wealth is estimated at nearly $35 billion, Musk's at $12 billion —
Manchester United's Under 18s beat City 1-0 in the'mini-derby'
Callum Gribbin scored the only goal of the game with a delightful free-kick.
Marcus Rashford wasted two decent opportunities when put through.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on English cricket.
Booth says the national team have lost touch with the game's public.
England lost eight full series out of all across the formats in 2014.
The ECB sacked Alastair Cook as one-day captain on the drink of what turned out to be the most disastrous World Cup in England's history.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost just one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Carl Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless.
There is a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol, or CBD, taken from hemp.
Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight.
Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits and ships internationally.
While Canna-Pet sells boxes of CBD biscuits for $16.49 (£11.20) and these can be bought online in any state of the US, but not shipped internationally.
Nine sections of the Great Wall have been found over the last two months.
They range along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province.
The first complete Wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
His dad Deion Sanders is said to be worth around $40million.
Sanders, who won Super Bowls with both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers, currently works as an analyst for NFL Network and CBS.
MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist.
Once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane, the remaining steps are done automatically.
Flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all.
Ten houses in Australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed.
This includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000.
The price has since been cut by 50 per cent.
A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut.
In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price.
Dr Sanjay Gupta was asked by a Nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15-year-old girl who was injured in the earthquake.
The neurosurgeon was forced to use basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle.
More than 6,000 people have been injured and are pouring into the hospitals, which are struggling to keep up with the demand.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
The images, which feature in the May editions of the international magazine, debuted yesterday online showcasing the unique styling skills of Carine.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago.
But it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Mayweather remains the bookmakers' favourite for the $300million mega-fight.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
The 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five of Chelsea's games this season.
Hazard was clearly unhappy to have been substituted.
Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Manchester United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
United have played the same amount of matches since November 2013.
Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of their season as 'garbage'
The Chilean has defended his side earlier following losses at Burnley and Crystal Palace.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College.
He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts.
Police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October.
Ludwigsen is being held on $15,000 bail in Rockland County jail.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons.
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment costs around $150 (£100)
It uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin and is currently available in New York.
One writer described her post-facial confidence as at 'Beyonce levels'
Lindsey Norman spotted the resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns.
She bought the buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
The shop assistant said it made her 'giggle' because it's coming up to Easter.
Family-of-six spotted driving through city of San Miguel de Tucuman.
Three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him.
A girl and a woman sat on the seat behind them.
It comes just weeks after a similar picture emerged of a family of seven.
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded industry leaders as members of '1%'
Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors'
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI.
17 more added their names, including bosses of AstraZeneca, Citi Private Bank and Pirelli.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night.
Officials closed the ride earlier that night after deciding heavy rain made the ride particularly dangerous.
The ride underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use, as long as there wasn't another downpour.
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with distorted face when she was visited by grandson.
But when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Mr Wilkins called his mother, Mrs Ross’ daughter Maxine, 49.
She rushed to the hospital and pleaded with nurses to step in.
It was not until an hour had passed that she was finally assessed.
A doctor realised she had suffered a stroke and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at Royal London Hospital.
However, she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
If anyone won this debate it was the women.
Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing.
David Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder.
Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress.
But there were moments like when he pointed to each other leader in turn, taking them all down like skittles.
Islamic State militants deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in Syria.
The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo.
Food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States.
ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself.
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013.
The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
He allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered 'no' on the federal firearms purchasing
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy.
She cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
Nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle.
Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City FC.
David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Vincent Nogueira slotted home a late winner for Philadelphia Union.
Caroline Wozniacki shared a video of her first on court interviews as a youngster.
The Dane made her Roland Garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.
She will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010 when the tournament begins on May 25.
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger.
But why exactly do we snack? And would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK.
She identified three tribes of snackers: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers.
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws.
She said they need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment.
Her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases.
This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother.
The Indian case is similar to the controversial baby Gammy scenario.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis in Liverpool on Saturday night.
Mathews was handed a unanimous points decision over Luis.
Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out.
A United Airlines regional jet carried Hillary back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport.
Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, New York home.
Clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa.
Marylin Stoneman, 64, stole more than £22,000 from her grandmother's partner.
She had been entrusted with his financial affairs after he went into care.
But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
Stoneman admitted theft but was ordered to pay back just £1,350.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.
For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
Each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is the first big arts and music festival of the summer season.
The 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun.
Headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol.
This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.
This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear.
Airline Qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers.
The headsets are expected to cost between £300 and £500 each.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over.
Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas returned to the Emirates for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011.
The Chelsea midfielder was booed as he operated in the first half.
Jose Mourinho has not beaten Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho in 13 games.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days.
Claimed she was groped by Weinstein during 'business meeting' at his office.
It has been claimed she and her manager were working behind the scenes.
But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue criminal case.
She attended matinee of Weinstein-produced Broadway play 'Finding Neverland' and tweeted photo of $277, sixth-row orchestra seat.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday.
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Entitled'
The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Brazilian midfielder Anderson was sent off for Internacional on Wednesday.
The 28-year-old shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card.
Fabricio also saw red for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans.
Anderson ended his seven-and-a-half year association with United.
Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in Sheffield.
The 28-year-old received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd.
Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania.
The Canadian star refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a press conference.
Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding.
Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF.
But they were over the moon when weeks later they became winners in a wedding competition.
Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.
She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
Alastair Cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two Tests.
Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain.
England’s failure to win the first Test leaves Cook in the spotlight.
Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket after she was allegedly attacked at a movie theater by three teenage girls.
Santamaria Williams said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly.
Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone.
Atletico beat Real to win the Super Cup curtain-raiser and knocked them out of the King's Cup.
Real have surrendered their La Liga lead and dropped two points behind Barcelona.
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent.
Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, during the 1980s.
She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.
Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Mayweather is the master of his own destiny, the man who calls himself Money dictated when this mega-mega-fight would happen.
'Five years too late,' cry the critics. 'It's all in the timing,' smiles Floyd.
Five years ago they would have split $60m at most. Five years ago only the boxing fraternity would have been paying attention.
The human threat to his unbeaten record is from Manila, the location is in a mini-Chinatown
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Rangers.
But he maintains Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding.
McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge.
Smith attended a John Hartson Foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar.
He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem.
Doctors said he would not survive after he was born and he was given just a 10 per cent chance of surviving.
But he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
His mother Taniya, 36, said his survival shows'miracles do happen'
Ander Herrera has impressed Barcelona's scouts throughout his career.
The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old.
Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend.
Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson.
A tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on Twitter on Thursday morning.
The tweet was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda, who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade.
There is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger.
2UE in Sydney has just merged with rival station 2GB, which meant job losses from the newsroom and additional redundancies nationally.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.
Cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area.
This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson.
It aims to solve the current issue of younger visitors parking their vans illegally on the streets.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister worked.
Ms King, also appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone, had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor.
She also revealed how she shared one man with her sister, 20.
Thompson starred in Spyforce - an action series following Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II.
Stains' coat was cut to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers.
Owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs.
Similar to a lion, the dog’s tail remains unshaved apart from the very top of it.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday.
Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his previous NBA best of 272.
Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues were about to renew contract.
But offer was taken away after Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon.
May, 52, revealed he had prematurely celebrated three-year deal by ordering Ferrari.
He said he had ordered the last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale - in bright orange.
The offer was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'
But after Clarkson's infamous 'fracas' with Tymon, offer was scrapped.
Clarkson was sensationally sacked by the BBC last month and Richard Hammond confirmed he will not return this week.
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence.
It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time.
This has made the element extremely difficult to study.
Scientists have now been able to create enough to measure the ionisation potential of lawrencium for the first time.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park.
Tottenham are joint top of the Under 21 league with Manchester United.
Chelsea could have scored a dramatic winner in injury time.
But Luke McGee made a superb double stop to deny Izzy Brown.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel.
Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto managed to get 25-year-old Hector Valles out of his SUV and stamp out his burning clothes.
Moments later, while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
Valles was transported to Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas, where he remained hospitalized in the intensive care unit as of Monday.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games in the Premier League.
The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent.
Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second.
Gerard Pique and Arjen Robben also make the top 10.
Julian Weigl has been earning rave reviews in Germany's second division.
The 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million.
Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be keen on signing Weigl.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming.
Cerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Deputy Marquette Oliver ran over to assist her.
He bent down to catch the baby as he was born.
The mother and son were rushed to hospital, where they were met by his dad and older siblings.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August.
The 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night.
Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
When Prince George's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on Twitter.
News of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace.
Prince William's birth announcement was signed by the doctors who delivered him.
With the Duchess due to give birth any day, one gambler has bet £10,000 that she will give birth to a girl.
Bookmakers Ladbrokes said the anonymous punter normally gambles on horse racing and football, and this is his first bet on the Royal Family.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order.
The Barnet manager is hoping to soon do the same with Barnet.
Gary Rowett Gary Rowett is winning so many games.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka.
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six.
Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Lionel Messi says he is happy after a disappointing 2014.
Barcelona lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid.
Messi says he has tried to quickly forget to try and get back to his best.
The Argentine has scored 34 goals in La Liga and eight in the Champions League.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
Liverpool also expect to announce Jordan Henderson's new contract this week.
Tomas Francis impressed up against Alex Corbisiero at Sandy Park.
The 22-year-old qualifies for England and Wales.
Stuart Lancaster could make a late move for the youngster.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in January.
The 23-year-old joined the club on transfer deadline day.
Armstrong is hoping to win the Scottish Premiership title next month.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham.
The 31-year-old striker has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
He has been criticised for several underwhelming performances.
Five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since Charlie Hebdo massacre.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls said 'numerous attacks had already be foiled'
His comments follow arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons.
DNA evidence reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor.
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia.
Both offer the eyebrow raising service and are causing a stir.
Burger King's Russian branch posted a picture of a woman with 'I love Burger King' emblazoned across her chest.
The picture can then be used as either a personal message, or advertising, and cost just £4.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole.
Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday.
Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
He was found next to his wheelchair.
Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month.
The RFU has said Galarate should have been ineligible for the match.
Gloucester currently lie ninth in the Aviva Premiership.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters.
He warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at the Counter-Terror Expo.
London-born ISIS execution Jihadi John is being used to recruit a network of'misfits' around the world.
The real aim is to kill and get footage of that to propagate the message and propagate their cause.
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
The outspoken father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami.
They say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could bepotentially beneficial to modern society.
There are about 26,000 Yanomeami living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela, mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains.
Liverpool fans will stage a protest against the mounting costs of tickets.
Hull City have charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets.
Last season, the same seats were sold for £35.
Liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs.
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson.
The link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death.
Not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous, reports Fox News.
Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on Tuesday.
Costa will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch.
Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart.
Jermain Defoe gave Sunderland a 1-0 lead with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute.
The 32-year-old struck just before the half-time whistle was blown by Mike Dean.
Defoe's strike was his third for Sunderland this season.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years.
She spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
The grandmother-of-four and her businessman husband, Charles, currently have 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds.
Mrs Senior left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a woman trying to rehome a stray lur
Real Madrid return to training a day after Champions League clash with Atletico.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes.
Real will then face Atletico in next Wednesday's second leg.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club.
Captain Danny Wilson has been linked with Celtic.
Neilson has already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
Pop star posted image of Iron Lady on Instagram - before deleting it.
Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo and said she had gone 'a step too far'
Madonna, 56, has a large gay fanbase and was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time in 2012.
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.
New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal on Saturday night.
The American controlled the Japanese for nearly the entire five-round bout.
Johnson scored the latest submission win in UFC history.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado to win his first bout since 2011.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set to Andy Murray in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled.
Djokovic apologised via Facebook to the boy's parents.
Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire, is a specialist science college.
The girl was left needing urgent medical treatment after she downed the liquid.
Headteacher Julie Turvey said the school is taking the matter'very seriously'
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute.
He first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said.
Moschetto faces a maximum sentence of 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison.
Two other defendants are charged in the case, accused of their involvement in the office fire.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it.
The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, with actor Dax Sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls.
The Scandfit Try Size was developed to help women decide what size implants to have.
It has gained a following among women like Annabel Cole who would never have surgery.
She decided to put the design through its paces in three variations — a C cup, D cup and whopping DD!
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 on day two of the Masters.
The 58-year-old is the third oldest man in the field in 2015.
He is also better placed after 36 holes than he was when he won in 1998.
Russian researchers have dated the unusual'screw' to 300 million years old.
They believe it is the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
But experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer – that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
The object was found in the Kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there.
It is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ‘sea lily’ – a type of Crinoid that grew a stalk when it became an adult, to tether itself
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment'
Couple questioned over claims Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed visa.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from their £7.5million apartment in Hong Kong.
Police source said she locked herself in a bathroom before falling to death.
Mr Cousins is managing director of Hong Kong arm of Jardine Lloyd Thompson.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram.
She has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015.
Dip-dye is big news this season and a subtle effect will add spring colour.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
The burglary took place in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
All of the men are currently in intensive care.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby.
Sale Sharks are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership.
Steve Diamond's side travel to London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter.
Rosa Camfield, 101, was born in June of 1913 and died Monday.
The picture of her cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph.
Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage.
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland.
Ms Peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin.
She initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball.
‘It was definitely deliberate, I honestly think it was made to harm
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said.
He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
Experts also warned that a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the Conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Briton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race.
Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season.
Mercedes have won the last race in Malaysia for almost two years.
Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate deal at England's expense.
Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP.
But he has stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration.
David Duane Watson, 46, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter.
Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
Watson has been charged in all three homicides, with police cited DNA evidence.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts.
Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th.
Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Ron and June Phillips were on holiday in the Canary Islands when they were attacked.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking the frail, elderly couple.
He denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.
Mr Phillips walked with a crutch because of a hip replacement operation.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The striker has suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea.
Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect Van Persie to be fit enough to return for Sunday's game against Manchester City.
Van Persie reported good news for United fans on Wednesday.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
The bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on Facebook.
Manager Luke Parkerson defended the decision to bar Mr Dotchin.
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace.
The actress will be celebrating turning 60 soon, but she looks barely a day over 40.
She has co-written a book with nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, The In-Sync Diet.
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and Tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Of 303 Tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of Labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws.
He argues it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
Mr Morris argues the spousal privilege principle, established in England 200 years ago, means a husband can't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife.
Queen of the South beat Rangers 2-0 at Palmerston Park in Dumfries.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for the Ibrox side in the first half.
Gavin Reilly doubled Rangers' lead at the start of the second half.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre.
It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats in a World Heritage Site.
Residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council.
Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail.
The 23-year-old surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman.
Drage was taken into custody in June last year.
He said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again.
George R R Martin created a character who is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive aphasia.
In 1861, a French physician called Dr Broca found a particular part of the brain is involved in language.
It became known as Broca's area, which causes language problems.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any Chelsea player if they did not want to play for the club.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will play Sterling against Arsenal.
Sterling has attracted interest from Arsenal, Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Lindex opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford, London, on March 27.
The brand has also brought in German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede, 37.
Christy, 46, is championing the message 'It's what you do that defines you'
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts.
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead.
The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir was $5million.
Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website.
Rory McIlroy is no match for Brad Dalke, 17, who will join Oklahoma University.
Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page.
McIlroy had run a clinic and offered some inspirational words to players on Friday at a junior invitational.
David Turner's new book, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history.
It was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days.
Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations.
Eddie Redmayne and Benedict Cumberbatch both attended public school.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty.
The Queensland teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken puberty blocking hormones.
Before a child is given any treatment at all they are assessed by at least five doctors.
In November 2014, Family Court Chief Justice Diana Bryant said she would like an examination into
Ivan Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW.
He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
His nephew Alistair Shipsey has compiled the letters into a $32 book.
Shipsey, a former Rebels bikie gang member, has been banned from visiting Milat in prison.
Shipwreck chaser Richard Rogers worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II.
The sunken yacht was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the United States when it sunk just off Kauai in April 1824.
Among the artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were this vegetal ivory finger ring.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby.
Alex Pritchard put his side ahead with a stunning strike in the 21st minute.
Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes for Brentford.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel.
Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels.
Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle.
Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009.
The drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the Iraq War in 2003.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell.
It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing.
But researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves.
This combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum.
Driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.
It's an apocalyptic sight - and Mr Smith feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact.
Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price.
Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
One astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines' Facebook page at the weekend that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid the originally advertised price.
Lisa Heath, 45, admitted carrying a Class B drug on the premises.
She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted.
But she later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
Miss Heath has now been suspended from teaching at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot.
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed and the teenager was re-arrested.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during the First World War commemor
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious manager.
The Chelsea boss says Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
Mourinho has had many spats with Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
H‎e said Mr Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist.
Speaking during a visit to Hartlepool, Mr Farage said: 'The biggest racism I have seen in British politics is happening north of the border'
Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year's Games.
More than 37 tons of fish have been collected, according to Rio's waste management company.
But there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours.
Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides.
Thousands of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to African countries.
They are dumped in gigantic landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University.
The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there.
Brokers manage to ship containers of illegal e
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
She eats lean and green meals every day, with only the occasional 'cheat day'
She also goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every photo shoot.
The monkey approaches the woman with its outstretched hands.
Grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin.
Removing her hand from the shot, the lady can be heard laughing.
The monkey returns to its original position and continues tucking into the banana.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in Borno state to teach Islam.
Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire.
They then set fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families.
Attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram are being encouraged to draw pictures of the attacks.
The 45-year-old man had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation.
It caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech.
The operation took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete.
But the Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona ruled surgery was his only treatment.
Chris Brynarsky was killed in his custom car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina, in October 2006.
When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it.
His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.
Cosentino said he never thought anyone would see the inside of the bumper, but it resurfaced nine years later, in Chris' father's body shop in Charlotte.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day.
Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter's house when he sustained a skull fracture.
The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night.
The 23-year-old was celebrating Andros Townsend's equalising goal.
Mason's tattoo became popular online during this celebration.
England escaped Turin with a 1-1 draw against Italy in the friendly.
Cryos International is relocating its offices from New York to Orlando.
The sperm bank supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries.
Donors are allowed to remain anonymous, and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $750 per month.
Cryos is looking for donors aged up to 39, and over 5ft 9in tall.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland.
The mozzie is known for its black and white stripes.
It is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue, chikunguya and yellow fever.
Blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31.
A person was struck by a train between Surbiton and Wimbledon this afternoon.
South West Trains was forced to cancel trains on all of its services.
Network Rail said staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service.
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila with his wife.
He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces.
The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
Customers can leave with a special memento from their time that they can show off to family and friends alike.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police after allegedly groping a 16-year-old.
He was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez.
The incident took place at about 5.30pm on Sunday.
Perez was arrested at the scene and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17, as well as second degree harassment.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother.
When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead.
But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
The incredible moment was captured by reserve ranger and wildlife filmmaker Rob Vamplew.
Kieron Power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars.
He took photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand.
His wife was given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds.
A week after she received the ticket given out by a council CCTV'spy car'
Mr Power, from Esher, Surrey, was on his way home after taking the photographs.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont.
Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.
They say Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
While Freeh told police that he has no memory of the crash, it's believed that he fell asleep behind the wheel while going about 60 to 65
Jimmy Abdou opened the scoring for Millwall with a rare strike.
Martyn Waghorn was sent off for a foul on Aiden O'Brien.
Magaye Gueye added a second goal in the third minute of stoppage time.
Wigan Athletic are seven points from safety in the Championship.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other.
Los Angeles sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse.
Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Sloan told detectives that he attacked Knight but testified on Monday
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
They say they would deny service to gay people regardless of the legality.
Jeff Davis County's Melissa Jeffcoat said that she would serve adulterers but not gay people and that Jesus 'died on the cross for me'
Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed a 'fix' to his state's religious liberty bill on Thursday that said it could not be used to discriminate against gay people.
Prime Minister's eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
He admits the comparison is 'not great' with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old.
Nancy has threatened to write a memoir of her time in Number 10.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, survey finds.
Of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today.
Part of the reason is the widespread loss of the traditional hedgerows.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres.
But he was secretly filmed taking to the pitch for his pub football team.
The grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying at half-time in an FA Cup match.
The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March.
Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Billy Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday.
They face charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet.
The victim came forward in late March to report the alleged attack, which he claims took place in January.
In the recording, men can be heard 'yelling and laughing with excitement' while the victim is held down and bent over a couch.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes.
Real are now just two points behind league leaders Barcelona.
Chelsea may have wrapped up the title in England.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie.
She and her husband Joe both achieved incredible results taking photos.
They both charted their own success through a series of selfies.
Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them.
The app also provides a safe and supportive community for you to upload.
Beatrice, 26, visited Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire.
She was greeted by flag-waving children who waited outside the school.
The engagement is the second in less than four days for the Princess.
Beatrice has been criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event.
Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase.
Some of the racegoers ended up flashing a bit more flesh than they bargained for.
The dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last Saturday in the barn in Manchester, Tennessee.
Many emaciated, 'living in several inches of their own waste' and close to death.
The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday.
Animal Rescue Corps is expected to stay and care for the dozens of dogs for at least one-and-a-half to two weeks.
Clare Balding and Alice Arnold married in 2006.
They did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London.
Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry.
Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night.
His voice sounded weak and strained after his cancer treatment.
He expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper'
Last night he returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse the Labour's party's manifesto from the studio.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
He shot and killed a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, in 2002.
A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's Second Avenue last month.
The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi bar when three buildings in New York's East Village were destroyed.
Her Upper East Side family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished.
However, nearly one month after the blast that
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended a fundraising event.
The West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in attendance.
It was a fundraising reception for the charity Football Fighting Ebola.
Pictures from the event were shared on the charity's Facebook page.
Government unveils final calculation for war reparations stemming from occupation by Third Reich.
Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes.
German government says the issue was resolved legally years ago.
Demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the International Monetary Fund.
For the first time in 65 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the Sierra Nevada in early April.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the snowpack since 1950 when records began.
The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo cancer treatment.
The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody after she refused her chemotherapy treatments.
She was declared to be in remission in March.
Her mother, Jackie, said the hospital tried to prevent her from visiting her room.
A judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes.
The 53-year-old media personality has also launched her own wellness website.
Hutton has chosen not to buy into the 'diet/health cookbook' trend.
Thousands turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy St George's Day celebrations in the sunshine.
Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on.
Temperatures of around 20C in parts of the country today after a spell of unusually warm weather for this time of year.
It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Marine Le Pen, 46, is one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people.
She took over from her father Jean-Marie, 86, in 2011.
The National Front leader spoke of representing a 'great political force'
Le Pen recently announced she would oppose her father's candidacy.
A video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag Nomad shows tourists how it's done.
Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
They're said to be able to 'run the pants off a Kangaroo'
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Geraint Thomas or Ian Stannard are in contention.
Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
The two major cobbled classics - the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix - are looming large over the next two weekends.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings.
The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories.
It is the biggest Labour lead in a Survation poll since February.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler.
He then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope.
Gyllenhaal also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron.
Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday's home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game.
Several hundred gathered outside of St James’ Park before kick-off.
There they unfurled a banner, ‘NUFC – Balance Sheet Champions – 2008-2014’
Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from the club, who earlier this month returned record profits of £18.7million.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75 when he died Sunday.
Ouimette, suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s.
He had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis, according to a Rhode Island State Police report.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham.
He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders.
Gary Field was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage.
Mr Field is a former regional organiser of the English Defence League.
He was waiting for the leader of the National Front in the constituency.
The row started after a group of far-Right supporters supported Mr Farage.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials.
She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a 'brilliant operator'
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line.
Reading manager Steve Clarke and his players will rally round him.
Federici was inconsolable after the match and Clarke revealed: 'I tried to hug him but he was very, very disappointed'
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters.
The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par at Augusta.
Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion.
Stuart McCall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton on Saturday.
Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches.
Jihadi group claim responsibility for 108 attacks in opening five hours.
US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan targeted.
Over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban.
Taliban announced launch of Operation Azm on Wednesday revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill.
Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception.
They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill.
Sven Bender says Borussia Dortmund need to start scoring more goals.
Jurgen Klopp's side have failed to score in four of their last five league games.
Borussia Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York.
1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and Morgan STanley 1-percenters – when they're not browsing Urban Outfitters or eating at Shake Shack.
The Federal Election Commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street.
He was called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death.
When the imam arrived to the house with his son he asked him to come back.
The man, who has not been otherwise been identified, also told the man that there was no need for his son to accompany him again when he did come.
Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer.
Arwani’s VW Passat was parked neatly on the side of the
Neanderthals may have been the world's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet.
Scientists found traces of compounds in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain.
They suggest they may have used them to make food more palatable.
Neanderthal may have cooked stews in the skins of animals, according to some anthropologists.
Animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by Neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks.
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year.
Most of the victims, high school students, died in the tragedy.
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol.
Senior government officials said they would 'consider it'
Motorist attempted dangerous manoeuvre on A39 between Street and Glastonbury.
He gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights.
But badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph.
The dramatic moment was captured on dash cam by the HGV driver.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.
Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday.
Ben Ellery's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the Year nomination.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video to his 5 million Instagram followers.
The 38-year-old boxer hits back at his supposed 'haters' ahead of his fight.
Video shows Mayweather flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash.
It surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history.
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards Dallas/Fort Worth for several hours.
More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down.
Nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch Sunday night through 11pm, with the storm system expected to die out by Monday.
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes.
The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
At a costs application hearing today, he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
Travis was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following a trial in February last year.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop the striker.
Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson are set for midfield battle at Wembley.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years.
She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent.
Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana on July 13, 2013.
After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant.
Medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her and questioned her.
Eventually, she told the medical staff she had delivered a baby in her home.
The body was found in a dumpster behind Moe's Southwest Grill.
Manchester United to introduce living wage at Old Trafford in July.
In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the 2016-17 season.
But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early.
Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage.
Children posted the police picture of eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media.
She was arrested for driving with an invalid licence.
Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis, Tennessee, suspended three of the students for three days.
School officials justified suspension by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media'
Jake Shaw, 21, died after falling from the upper floor of the Scout centre.
He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
After consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room at the centre he returned to his room in a'very drunk state'
It is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window.
Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith concluded that Jake's death was an accident.
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premiership’s player of the month for March.
The 22-year-old scored two tries in March as Wasps maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Daly looks certain to be included in Stuart Lancaster's England's World Cup training squad named next month.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.
Policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release.
Wheatley absconding from Standford Hill prison in Kent and went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at the Chelsea Building Society in Sunbury-on-Thames, Surrey.
Justice Secretary Chris Grayling publicly announced that the Government was 'tearing up the system as it exists at the moment' and introduced his absconder policy.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died.
A 'rising ceremony' was performed, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
The child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day.
Five children under the age of ten, both boys and girls, were also living at the home and had been taken away by Child Protective Services.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours.
Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time.
This compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 – the worst on record since 2004.
It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
The gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way.
It was discovered using a technique known as microlensing.
This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.
Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
Ricks is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket, according to investigators.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England.
Former England captain Andrew Strauss is among the front-runners for the job.
Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters is credited with helping Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties.
Jose Mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign on behalf of Jaguar.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth.
They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere.
The study, published in the Journal of Geophysical Research, was picked up by Mark Zastrow from Eos.
He said that the beam might even be able to trigger different forms of lightning, including red sprites and blue jets.
The 41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze.
Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it.
Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.
She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country'
'We need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' he added.
Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states.
Christie said in his
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens.
He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River.
The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
If Liberland is ever formally recognised it will become the third smallest sovereign state in the world, behind the Vatican City and Monaco.
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip.
It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems.
Poll also gives the Tories a commanding lead on key economic issues.
Voters are more likely to trust the Conservatives than Labour most to keep the economy growing.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon.
It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking 'everybody ready?'
The teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Amazingly, his co-worker stepped up and immediately took a second swing.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole in 2009.
When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from her body and took photographs of her, according to the lawsuit.
Jessica's mother Christina Mejias is suing the sheriff's office for taking the photos and the trial will begin next week.
Sord was sentenced to 56 months in prison for the deadly crash.
Mohammed Morsi was sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.
But a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced.
Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in a government crackdown that has seen hundreds killed and thousands thrown in jail.
M&S general merchandise sales up 0.7% - first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses.
Belinda Earl, who ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum, was style director at M&S in September 2012.
Also behind brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business.
Sales boosted by celebrity underwear ranges, like those promoted by Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night.
She took to Facebook after getting the car back, writing; 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!!!'
Schoenig is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
The father of Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes, guitars and artwork.
Brockie, who was known onstage as the armor-clad demon Oderus Urungus, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014.
A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw.
Both will miss the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu next week.
Neither player were happy with referee Milorad Mazic.
Suarez has blasted the performance of the referee after the game.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars.
She had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair.
Taylor had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of the 20 year relationship with the father of her two daughters, aged 12 and four, and a 15-year-old son.
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity.
The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall.
It features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs.
Some of the prints are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period.
In 2009, fossil hunters came across what are thought to be among the world's largest dinosaur prints.
Measuring 5ft (1.5
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego.
Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need.
But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
Still, they have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign.
The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
Hillary Clinton will spend Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire, returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by Obama.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor served during World War I in Gallipoli.
The 30-year-old was awarded a Victoria Cross medal for his 48-hour effort.
He lobed live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine.
LCpl Keysor even caught some of the bombs in mid-air, Channel 7's Sunday Night reported.
Dallas Cowboys star Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods in Dallas this week.
The 25-year-old was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to a report in Italy.
Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer.
Cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position.
Manchester United also hold an interest in Cavani.
King Felipe and Queen Letizia present Cervantes Prize for Literature.
New book claims Juan Carlos II had decade-long affair with German socialite.
Felipe has been trying to change public perception of the monarchy.
His father Juan-Carlos was famous for his love of freebies.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez.
City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level.
Frank Lampard was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this season.
James Milner is out of contract in the summer and is considering his options.
Protein World poster asked: 'Are you beach body ready?'
It came under fire from feminists and body image campaigners.
Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad.
Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick.
Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser.
Catherine Zeta-Jones rubs honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles.
Manchester City star Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy unveiled mural.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium.
Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo dined at San Carlo restaurant.
United players had just returned from Chelsea's 1-0 defeat on Saturday.
City men were still on a high following a comfortable victory over West Ham.
Manuel Pellegrini's side closed the gap on rivals United to just one point.
Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville.
He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions.
One veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies.
The fraternity has expelled three members and is also holding its own investigation.
A rare deep sea oarfish has washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday.
Samples of the bizaree creature were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Philippe Coutinho broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes.
Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Sportsmail's Oliver Todd rated the player's performances at Ewood Park.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading.
The Poland goalkeeper has been deposed as David Ospina's No 1.
Arsene Wenger admits he is not confident of winning back his place.
Ospina has won 11 of 12 Premier League games since the chop.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' behind.
He launched the party's 'policies for women' alongside Suzanne Evans and Diane James.
Polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back Ukip.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to the Lowndes County Sheriff’s Office in Valdosta, Georgia on Tuesday.
She has been charged with three counts of sexual assault.
The charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys.
All three admitted to having sexual relations with Chapman.
Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house at Muskingum University last Wednesday.
It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born.
The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction.
The Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
One of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful British Antarctic Expedition.
Estimated at £20,000 to £30,000, the copies were created using the surviving gelatine positives and paper negatives taken by the captain himself.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime.
Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation.
Curry hit seven 3s in all, including one to start overtime that gave the Warriors the lead for good.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee 113-106 in double overtime.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut deep in the woods.
He built the hut out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp.
Miller used vegetation as insulation. There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which is about a half-hour walk from campus.
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night.
Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury.
DeMarre Carroll also scored 20 points as the Hawks beat the Nets.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Dallas Mavericks 123-110.
The death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police.
The infant was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after.
Police strongly believe that there are members of the Neilrex community that can help them with their investigation.
Colin Cromie, 49, told practice nurse Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona.
But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard.
He would snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
He also blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice.
Miss Grogan was awarded £16,500 compensation and 'hurt feelings'
Richard III's skeleton found under a car park in Leicester was found to a distinctive scoliosisof the spine.
Scientists used 3D scanning to reconstruct how Richard III's spine may have been deformed.
The condition, which caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other, was probably not known about until after his death.
Tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 3-0 at Providence Park.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka scored a penalty in the closing stages.
Darlington Nagbe and Aurelien Collin were the Timbers biggest threat.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.
She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.
This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when storms hit Staten Island, New York.
She lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life.
The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since.
Dennis Krauss and Mary Ann said they plan to spend their winning on a new house.
The lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.
It was so heavy it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break.
Thames Water have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer.
Already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced with another 17 metres left to go.
Marcus Bettinelli made his Fulham debut last August.
Jose Mourinho watched him play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham.
Chelsea are braced for the departure of second choice goalkeeper Petr Cech.
Bettinelli is the son of Fulham academy goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour.
 clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday - including Australian states such as NSW.
Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around Australia say.
For some that will mean an extra hour of sleep, while others will enjoy an additional hour to party.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley.
The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster.
Paisley sat down with the former Chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’
She has probably received more than 600 insults, and two days later they’re still coming.
In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate.
Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury.
Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out.
Pep Guardiola will be without a number of his first-team stars.
Temperatures set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher.
Forecasters say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on Friday - when April showers could return.
Britain, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland each recorded their warmest days of the year.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time.
Ken Doherty is just two frames away from going out of World Championships qualifying in Sheffield.
The 45-year-old trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session.
Graeme Dott is another former champion, winning the showpiece event in 1997.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa.
It became temporarily separated from its herd after emerging from the water.
Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power.
But it ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother.
Walton Canonry in one of Britain's most exclusive postcodes is on the market for £6.95million.
The Grade I listed property boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where Constable took studies.
Painting inspired by a view from the exclusive area in the 1820s is now on show at The National Museum of Wales, Cardiff.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference, was told he couldn't fly on United Airlines Saturday.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse, New York.
He was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
Authorities also seized Roberts' laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile.
The Eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Yannick Bolasie.
Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.
He is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
Hormone therapy is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer.
It can't cure the cancer, but can help keep it under control.
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods, researchers say.
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat.
This is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
A Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37.1g fat.
David Hyche came up with the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.
A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Now Hyche has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son Garnett-Paul Spears.
She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced.
The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
Tiger Woods confirmed he will play at the Masters this week.
The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from hip displasia.
The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly.
She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine)
She has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair.
But after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband, Liam, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
Healthy Libby was then delivered via caesarean section but Lynn had hoped for a natural birth.
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton.
Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six of them had Clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning.
Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Spring Heeled in Grand National at Aintree.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the £1million race.
But Nicholls said on Wednesday it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final day.
McIlroy shot a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place.
The world No 1 is yet to win The Masters.
Jordan Spieth won his first ever major title with victory at Augusta.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with murder after Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down last Saturday in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened between Officer Slager and the beginning of the bystander video which shows Scott being shot dead.
Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is.
It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government.
He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse'
Nicola Sturgeon launches SNP manifesto today, boasting she can 'lead the UK'
Polls suggest up to half of Scots are planning to vote SNP.
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue.
It's owner Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.
Cobain lived in the home in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born.
He and his wife rented the unit for $1,100 (£727) a month.
Tory supporters love a good trashy plane read, while Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights.
UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday.
Nearly half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as beautiful New Zealand.
John Terry reveals his PFA Team of the Year on Instagram.
Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho is named Premier League's finest.
Harry Kane is named Young Player of the year by Terry.
Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly named Chelsea's Eden Hazard as best player.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps.
They found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations.
Male chimps tended to capture larger prey and used their hands.
But females carried out 61 per cent the hunts using tools.
The findings may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.
On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
His left hand is still in a cast from the attack.
South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta.
The world No 1 is ranked 111th in the world at present.
McIlroy has hit the par five 13th fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition.
This week we will truly get the chance to gauge his development as a golfer.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle.
Their family home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macqurie, had lost power.
The children's mother decided take Kai, Sophie and Aussie for a walk in a nearby park.
Wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current.
Aussie – who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos.
Survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents.
'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree.
The 31-year-old's advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be'
The hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford.
Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag.
The anniversary is being marked in Manchester by the National Football Museum.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid into the Champions League semi-final.
The Mexican striker has toiled for the last two seasons desperate for a chance to do what he feels he does best – score big goals in big games.
Michael Carrick led the tributes to Hernandez on Twitter after the game.
Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema.
Geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1995 when a pipe burst during the winter.
He and his younger sister Jennifer, also 37, returned just twice to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt.
But when their mother died of breast cancer in 2013, the house was handed to them.
They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
Tracy Morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on Monday.
It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others.
Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
This comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield.
The 23-year-old is determined to follow in the footsteps of Patrick Vieira.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday.
He pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was killed during botched sting on April 2.
Bates claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser.
When confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them he could do whatever he wanted.
The Rich Kids of Instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world's most beautiful locations.
The 18 to 26-year-olds blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities.
Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach.
Their message to the 'haters' remains exactly the same: 'Keep watching and enjoying. There is more to come'
Two wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in Dakar.
After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
This form of wrestling - which involves strikes - is only practised in Senegal and has boomed in popularity.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with Inter Milan.
La Gazzetta dello Sport have scored England forward Theo Walcott five out of 10 for his performance against Italy.
England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten for their performances.
Rodrigo Alves, 31, is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.
The London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
After doctors in the UK started turning him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery.
He even approached Botched doctors about getting back implants on last season's show, who ultimately said no to his request.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at Alderney surgery.
The force was alerted by the Health & Social Services Department.
A doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital.
No arrests have been made.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine.
It sees a young girl dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers.
She waits until concerned locals walk up to her before screaming.
In other scenes she can be seen chasing her 'victims' through the park.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for Alan Pardew's side.
Pardew left Crystal Palace two days before the Premier League kicked off.
Carlo Ancelotti faces dilemma of trying to fit seven players into his starting line-up.
Spanish paper AS reports seven players in six spots doesn't go.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available.
Corriere dello Sport focuses on the internal struggles at Inter Milan.
Councils in Manchester have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the UK.
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit.
Manchester drivers have demanded refunds and want to know why the council is yet to upgrade its machines.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini has said his side must sign a 'crack' player.
The Chilean has warned his side cannot stay idle.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1.
The 33-year-old has scored 102 goals in less than three years at the club.
Ibrahimovic now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books.
Nik Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29.
The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules.
No distance for the performance has been set yet, but Wallenda, 36, said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go a full circle.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing.
She was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her.
They were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags of them, that she was selling.
Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, Kansas City, is on house arrest as a condition of bond.
Esteban Cambiasso scored in Leicester's 2-1 win over West Ham.
The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan star was named man of the match.
Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach.
The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
He said: 'I have had some time to reflect after the World Cup and have come to the conclusion that the time is right to move on'
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Craig Gardner scored the second goal for the Baggies.
Tony Pulis' side now sit eight points clear of the bottom three.
Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent.
Price founded the company in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University.
The company processes credit card payments for small businesses.
High street chains are calling time on cut-price promotions that seem to go on forever.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions.
Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
Ella Beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret featuring lyrics.
She had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly from Rooftops.
Ian Watkins was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 for child sex offences.
Ella said she was shocked when she heard about Watkin's depraved crimes.
Thames Valley Police called an Army bomb disposal team after passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of the barge in Reading.
Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face.
The canal boat was moored near a children's play area in Christchurch Meadows, where the River Thames flows through Reading.
Officers spotted the Delorean being carried on the back of a tranpsporter.
They joked that the car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie.
The car was hired out for promotional events, weddings and birthdays.
Scientists have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica.
The gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February.
Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later.
Inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place.
Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister.
His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice.
Angela Morales has anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull.
Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
Sonia and her husband Rony, who live in Providence, Rhode Island, decided to 'keep her no matter what'
Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
The 34-year-old is the club's joint third-highest goalscorer.
Terry's goal return is better than Manchester City striker Edin Dzeko.
Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert have failed to replace Luis Suarez.
A mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy.
His image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the service men and women of World War I.
Woolworths has been slammed for its unauthorised use of the word 'Anzac' in an ad and forcibly shut down by the government.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri, last week.
Her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor.
The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with fleet of robots delivering linen.
Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood.
NHS will not publish this year's accounts until after the UK general election on May 7.
Last year, nineteen NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health.
Wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police.
The 20-year-old was with Vitesse Arnhem's squad for their trip to Excelsior.
Wallace is on a season-long loan at the Dutch club.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Briton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix.
Hamilton has a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago.
His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in Pierres, south-west of Caen.
An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind thefts.
Saskia's boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test and didn't dump her.
The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section.
She scored an impressive 87 per cent, but according to her unnamed boyfriend's feedback she 'could have performed better on Q17'
He said she needs to 'Learn ALL player positions' and should understand that 'Tottenham are scum'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat.
He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts in two suitcases.
Simon then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down.
Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide.
Bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish.
The pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy.
Bell threatened to post footage of their sex trysts online if she did not receive £55.
She then threatened to publish the footage unless he paid her £25, court heard.
After their meeting she contacted the man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, and threatening to post the footage on Facebook unless she paid £25.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs.
Our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen.
The findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
The young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully.
It is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
The puppy drops its ball and chases after it.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading in their League One clash.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders a lead.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time.
Lee Clark admitted Blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media.
Customers can appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels.
The holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the 'e-trip' of a lifetime.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice.
Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf.
The 19-year-old from Blairgowrie considers driving the ball his strongest suit.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle urges aviation industry to develop system.
Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
He deliberately crashed plane into French mountainside on March 24.
All 150 people on board died in the crash, which took place near Seyne-les-Alpes.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor has been called off.
Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free.
The snake could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious'
Silvia, star of the series My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances.
Says that she tried everything to stop her cravings but nothing worked.
Her partner Estevan is worried about her and what her rock eating habit is doing to their unborn child.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in Fairfield, California on Monday morning.
His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated.
Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something.
While inside, someone stole the car, and he and his wife immediately called officers.
When they arrived on the scene they said Suzanne refused to let them in, and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home.
That is when Suzanne reportedly grew
Part-time actor was going through customs to board his EasyJet flight.
Staff discovered he had six £1.80 tubs of pease pudding in his hand luggage.
The boiled-legume dish was removed from his bags, along with several Greggs pies.
But the 58-year-old was surprised at the mix-up and offered to let security taste it to prove it wasn't.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years.
But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the NHS’s accounts over the next five years.
The move is designed to demolish cynical Labour claims that the Tories would ‘cut the NHS to the bone’
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs put up around New York City.
While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson.
The pair met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together.
Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
Maurice Thibaux, 67, stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night.
He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead.
The French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it.
Mr Thibaux said he was'very sorry' to have disturbed the show, which finished at 7pm.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee.
Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi in 2006, was outraged when Dempsey wrote off the city as 'not symbolic in any way'
Lee said she was shaking and reduced to tears to hear the general trivialize the city for which her son had died.
She posted an angry open letter on the website for America's Mighty Warriors, a charity she set up to help servicemen and honor her son.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man.
He is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir.
But thousands like him are daring to hope they will finally be able to shed refugee status.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu nationalist party won a share of power in India's only Muslim-majority state.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car.
Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow.
Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle.
She has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks.
These include changing catheter and colostomy bags and administering morphine.
Survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by Unison.
Almost a quarter giving medication such as morphine had received no training.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa.
But when he returned he was told she could not go home with him.
Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife.
He said: 'I care for her better than anyone and I feel very sad'
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Rodgers insists his side have the mental strength to cope.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League.
Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal in the derby.
United are third, eight points behind leaders Chelsea.
Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal with four.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father.
Keith Whitworth, now 61, has been jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse.
Mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15.
At 20, she met her husband Dave and they hit it off immediately.
But Mandy could not face the police until she confided in her husband.
She has waived her right to anonymity in the hope other victims will come forward.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal on Saturday.
The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than they were 40 years ago, research shows.
Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
The huge increase is blamed on the cheap package holiday boom dating from the 1960s.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby start for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged.
She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube.
Colin Heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months yesterday.
Heath, then 28, also admitted manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2.
Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp.
The short film takes you inside the gym with the undefeated American.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Kevin Sinfield is to switch codes and join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season.
Sinfield has been warned he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch.
Castleford head coach Daryl Powell has a word of warning for Sinfield.
Former leader, 68, spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas.
He suggested Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible.
Also implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions.
And said comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have negative impact on US security.
Bush's concerns are in stark contrast to Obama's belief that the contents of the agreement are America's 'best bet'
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina.
Colombian winger has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge.
Wilfried Bony has netted only one goal for Manchester City.
Mauro Zarate has not made an impression at Loftus Road.
Callum McManaman's move to West Brom has coincided with relegation.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts.
Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation.
Tehsin Nayani, who acted as a PR spokesman for the Glazer family, has written the 'The Glazer Gatekeeper'
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals.
It was created following a request from an unnamed buyer in Doha, Qatar.
Goldfinch took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago.
He is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in.
Two jail employees told the inmate to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
The unnamed inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's fight.
The casino drop is expected to at least double the record take at the tables which has been set on New Year's Eve.
Fewer than a thousand tickets went on sale to the public with the rest to be distributed privately.
Kei Nishikori was crowned Barcelona Open champion for the second consecutive year.
Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6- 4 to win in straight sets.
It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese.
Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen.
It has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment.
Saudi-led coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Houthis.
UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds.
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night.
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.
The storm brought enough snow to the Sierra near Lake Tahoe to produce near white-out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents that caused the California Highway Patrol to order motorists off a 15 mile-stretch of a major highway.
In the Sierra, up to 6 inches of snow was expected above 7,000 feet, with 2 to
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted.
Arsenal and Manchester United are both interested in the Southampton midfielder.
Liverpool are interested in signing a striker who turns 23 in July.
Danny Ings is out of contract this summer and his scoring exploits have made him a target for top clubs.
Manchester City and Chelsea are both short of homegrown players.
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus.
Daspletosaurus lived around 75 million years ago and was thought to be a close relative of the more famous Tyrannosaurus rex.
The researchers found numerous injuries on the skull, several of which appeared to match the teeth of tyrannosaurs.
Some of the injuries appeared to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, others appear to have occurred after death.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the weekend.
The Leicester City striker scored their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive.
Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling the horrific eating disorder since her teenage years.
She began a strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off nothing more than black tea and coffee.
Determined to lose weight, she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing.
But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic.
After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
Frank Lampard was pictured walking down King's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley.
The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City.
Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July.
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend.
That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Disney and Lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that's full of Stormtroopers, Jedis and lightsabers.
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars.
The 32-year-old spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist.
Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women.
Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14.
The World No 27 said: 'I hope The Masters will consider a Women's Masters soon'
Eden Hazard scored the winner against Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho has praised Hazard's exceptional talent and humility.
Hazard is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year on Sunday.
Giudice, 42, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.
He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence.
That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECB’s head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.
Whitaker's position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia.
173 lots include Issa dress worn by Kate Middleton for engagement photos.
Items come from lifetime collection of anonymous single lady owner.
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges.
They are being sold without a reserve, which means they will go to highest bidder.
Some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at four-figure sum.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row.
The new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.
Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play.
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide before taking his own life.
He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon.
Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
His mother Susan has spoken out about the dangers of taking 'hippy crack'
Anna Broom, 33, has not worked since the age of 19 and has claimed £100,000 in benefits.
She wants £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding and party in a castle'
She also wants the taxpayer to stump up a further £2,000 for her honeymoon.
Miss Broom receives monthly benefits including £460 disability living allowance and joint £200 housing benefit with fiancé Jordan Burford.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards.
West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard.
Mulumbu also picked five Chelsea players in his XI.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year.
Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa.
Despite the worrying statistics, only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans.
Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks.
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.
Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan.
Don McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
McLean, 69, a longtime Maine resident, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.
Two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food.
British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking Government to ban junk food adverts being shown before 9pm.
Dr Sally Norton criticised Coca-Cola's sponsorship of the London Eye.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike.
He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off.
His mother suffers from Alzheimer's and used to get lost when left alone.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of Brookhaven, Georgia, fired.
She allegedly made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival.
Mr Jones had been hired to take pictures of Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, at event in March.
Ms Taylor, who has previously worked for CBS, People Magazine and ABC, has been fired for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee'
After 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week.
Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes.
Lillian resided at Richmond Place in Lexington, while Bill stayed at the Thomson-Hood Veterans Center in Wilmore.
On Tuesday their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Just five minutes later
Arsenal face Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table.
The Gunners have had the title race firmly under control since before Christmas.
There is a different feel to their form and performances this time around.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport.
Right-hand side landing gear collapsed forcing the pilot to abort.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled in the sky.
The plane was quickly evacuated, and there are no reported injuries.
It's the latest in a series of incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy'
The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting.
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips.
However, nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated.
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
Norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands.
The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
But when the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled.
Their bodies were found in hills in Argyll six hours later as aviation experts said the flight may have encountered poor visibility.
The statement 90s chop has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide.
It has been made famous by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber.
One chain of British barber shops has reported 200 per cent surge in requests.
Men queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip.
The craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of Dumb And Dumber To.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby.
Neville was damning in his analysis of City and freely admits he is a United fan after his years of service.
He was gobsmacked by the City players' lack of urgency when Sergio Aguero scored a late second.
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961.
The 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre.
She famously announced that she was going to ‘spend, spend, spend’
The following morning her ecstatic face and the headline ‘Spend, Spend, Spend’ were plastered over nearly every newspaper in the land.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy.
The 31-year-old was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher in 2007.
He was seen looking at a £105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city.
Sololecito and his former lover, American Amanda Knox, were both acquitted in late March ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years.
They are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.
Diane took charge of her daughter, Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day.
Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel.
The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties.
They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.
Users aged around 42 drop usual playlists in favour of today's hits.
Spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners.
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 last week to remain undefeated.
The pair posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford.
Van Gerwen was sensational in Dublin last Thursday averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s.
His compatriot could be leaving the tournament early.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively.
The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
It also sells similar spinner charms for other cities, as well as various destination pendants, luggage tag charms, link bracelets, engraved bangles and more.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.
This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers.
The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter including the charger and cable.
It's expected to ship in November.
Lace may be back in fashion, but to me it’s unfailingly ageing.
The unattractive shade of orangey-red is made worse by the colour of the underslip.
Kate Battersby tried six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Nolito.
Barcelona forward has been training following a foot injury.
Nolito has urged Messi to stay away from the Spanish coast.
Green Party manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'
It also encourages them to compliment people's homes in bid to win over voters.
Advice has been distributed among Green campaigners in London.
It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments.
Its membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering the Lib Dems.
On a visit to Dornoch, tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse.
Bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter.
The photo was originally put online by Jon Palmer from The Cheese House, Cromarty.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt.
The team had to get up at 4am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run in one take from a number of angles.
Hirscher became the first male alpine skier to win the overall World Cup title four times in a row.
President Obama said the thought of his eldest daughter heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
If Malia attends Columbia for an undergraduate degree, she will be following in her father's footsteps.
If you know where to look and when to book you can save thousands.
From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts.
TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season.
Messi scored twice, including one from the penalty spot, Suarez claimed two and Neymar also netted in the Nou Camp rout.
The trio now have a century of goals between them for the season.
Aljaz Bedene has switched from Slovenia to Great Britain.
The world No 99 crashed out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
Bedene's conqueror Jiri Vesely will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side.
His identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave girls.
Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him.
The incident happened near Burdan's Gate in Eastbourne, Wellington Harbour, at 10:30pm on Monday night.
Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to undress the fastest
The tortoise retreats into its shell as the big cats get too close for comfort.
The intriguing scene was captured by John Mullineux, a chemical engineer from Secunda, South Africa.
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London nearly died in a horror crash in 2010.
She gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for Air Ambulance.
The pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days.
Charlotte and business partner Rosemary Pringle rated buskers in Trafalgar Square.
They also rode the Tube as Baywatch lifeguards and pitched to clients.
Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
Hydraulic crane also recovered so-called 'legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof.
Altcourse has been criticised for drug-related violence.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments.
'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' Kristi read from one of the messages.
The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
It is being lensed by a massive foreground galaxy that is a comparatively nearby 4 billion light-years away.
The city of Boston received 108.6 inches of snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter, beating the previous seasonal record of 107.9 inches that was set in 1995-96.
The 65 inches that fell in February crushed the previous one-month record of 43.3 inches in January 2005.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the 256km race through the Moroccan desert.
The veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks.
There were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage.
He ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.
He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him.
Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
Chelsea U19s beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semis.
Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave Chelsea the lead.
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria.
It means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight.
He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste.
But when strangers shouted out abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his unusual appearance, he refused to wear it any more.
His mother Claire, 34, said: 'It was either ignorance or evilness'
Natalie Prescott, 26, jumped off Appley Bridge Quarry, near Wigan, in 2012.
She smashed against an overhanging cliff, before hitting the water.
Doctors managed to save her legs, but she was unable to walk or stand.
In August 2013, she gave birth to her third child, Scarlett, now 19 months.
Natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner.
Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Real Madrid would also drop down if Barcelona wins the Champions League and Spanish league.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall.
They purchased the bed and breakfast in Jimena de la Frontera in 2008.
The Jubbs are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property.
But it is now on the brink of being torn down.
Patrick said: 'All we want is to go back to the UK to be with our family'
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia.
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources.
According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year.
But Gary Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space'
Neville says Hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders.
The former Manchester United right-back feels Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
Harrison Coogan, Hunter Coker, Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber were stopped for an expired tag on Interstate-10 in Mobile County, Alabama.
They were accused of towing nearly 2,000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits to Gulf Shores for spring break.
Authorities found more than 100 cases of Natural Light beer, five cases of Corona and five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel.
James May said viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'
Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of the abuse.
May is currently getting ready to tour a Top Gear spin-off around the UK.
The show will be stripped of all BBC branding and instead be presented as 'Clarkson, Hammond and May Live'
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the Betway Premier League.
Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match.
Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall.
Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation.
But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed.
They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs.
Charities say state-appointed 'dog catchers' are rounding up dogs and taking them to holding pens where
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Loic Remy and Willian in Audi challenge.
The Chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range.
Hazard and Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win over the pair.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson soon.
Van Gaal is preparing his side for Saturday's clash against Aston Villa.
United have each of the current top three to play between now and mid-May.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers knows defeat at Arsenal could end their top four bid.
Earl Arthur Olander was found beaten to death in his own home in Minnesota.
The 90-year-old was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked.
Police have offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest.
Neighbours have described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com.
Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com.
Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.
Clutch bag, £145, russellandbromley.co.
uk.
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit.
It has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches.
Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game.
The match will be shown live on Sky Sports on Sunday, April 19.
Fans who don't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in demos.
A website Sack Ashley.com has been set up by the same supporters behind Sack Pardew campaign earlier in the season.
A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool.
She noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle.
The woman kicked him and he then disappeared.
Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from Atletico Madrid.
Luis has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The Spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism.
Real Madrid have slipped four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country.
Dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.
People are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the Gulf region.
In Abu Dhabi, a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
Airports are often cited as the worst in the world.
But there are a surprising number of complaints form travellers.
From long queues for security to paying for internet connectivity that doesn't work, the allegations against these well-known airports are varied.
LaGuardia Airport, New York, has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America.
Meter Maids have a long history synonymous with the Gold Coast.
Started in 1965, Meter Maids were the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey.
Gold Coast Chamber of Commerce president Peter Yared said the group were now a business.
Mr Yarwood said the chamber of commerce was taking 'a terribly ill-informed position'
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg came under criticism from Hamilton.
Rosberg claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race.
Hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from Rosberg.
Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner.
His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'
'I think I even looked,' Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday's White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Fern Britton, 57, revealed how close she came to suicide after divorce.
Mother-of-four had first experience of depression as a child.
She has suffered attacks throughout her adult life.
Presenter and author has been married to TV chef Phil Vickery, 53, for fifteen years.
Max is a 18.5in high fully-grown husky corgi cross and is looking for a home.
He has been abandoned by the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex.
Huskies have become increasingly popular due to shows such as Game of Thrones.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level.
Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
It was sacked by Napoleon Bonaparte when he plundered the castle's gold and used it as a fortress for French Revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday.
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler.
When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday.
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott'
Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes'
Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#WalterScot'
Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts.
Actor Isaiah Washington changed his profile picture to that of a statue in honor of Scott's death.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica.
It starts in the Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
The average hike was five to seven hours and at times I walked for ages without meeting another person.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, was arrested on Wednesday, according to police.
She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after.
Messingchmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong on February 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour but never showed.
The next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about'
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival costs an average of £187 per day.
Belgium's Tomorrowland festival costs one pound a day less than those in Coachella.
England’s Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost.
Huma Abedin, 38, was spotted with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan, 2, at Tortaria in New York on Saturday.
Weiner and Clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an Iowa Chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained Abedin did not put any change in the tip jar.
The family was pictured inside at a table, where Weiner swung his New York Mets baseball cap backwards while he ate.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women.
Mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Their biggest expense was the windows, as control towers have so many.
Lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up short-sightedness.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically.
Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia in children who spend an extra.
40 minutes of extra natural light per day could help to reduce cases by 26 per cent.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from.
He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Burns later uploaded the video clip online with the dog's owner stepping forward.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm)
Angel Rangel is in line for his first start for over two months.
Romelu Lukaku is a doubt for Everton with a hamstring injury.
Aiden McGeady is a major doubt for the Toffees.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night.
She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner.
The man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.
But the butcher vehemently denied any claims he swore at or abused the young woman.
Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show.
Had refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests.
He tried to propose but has the ring thrown back in his face.
Dawn then storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart on Foothill Boulevard on April 5 around 8.45am.
He was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel in Rancho Cucamonga.
After he left the store, he withdrew another $100 in cash, a spokeswoman for the San Bernardino County sheriff’s department said.
Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since.
The father of five from Colorado was visiting California after traveling from Las Vegas.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury.
Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade.
A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station were just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the storm.
The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop.
Fabio Lovato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local Cineworld.
The 30-year-old created a short video showcasing pictures of their time together.
It ended with the words 'Laura I have a questions for you'
Laura loved the proposal but says she doesn't rate Fast and Furious.
Cristiano Ronaldo will start for Real Madrid against Eibar on Saturday.
The Portuguese was booked for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano.
But his yellow card was rescinded after La Liga's appeals committee decided that he had been unfairly punished.
Ronaldo netted his 300th goal for the club in the win.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer.
Women who are using combined HRT have double the risk.
of breast cancer compared to non-users.
If women use HRT for more than 10 years, their risks are even higher.
The Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK are the two largest studies into the effects of HRT.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign.
Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12.
More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.
Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be.
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter.
The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button.
Then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
Idaho firm ReachIn has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the US.
It plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month.
Gang used power tool to cut through wall of secured vault in London.
They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins.
Police are offering £20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction.
Hilti DD350 drill was just 45cm wide and 25cm high when it was used.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
The man was admitted to the hospital in May complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches.
Shibu Inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a husky dog.
The pup was filmed yapping, whining and barking at one another.
People standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths.
A staff member from the American Kennel Club centre attempts to pacify the dog.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer.
A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
The scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses.
They are now developing a gene therapy that would boost the production of LEM proteins, in turn increasing the number of T-cells available to attack cancer cells.
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to floor.
He'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near bottom of pallet in Manchester.
But she was unable to grab the same one at the same time and suffered injuries.
Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court cleared him of any wrongdoing.
Said it was not certain that Mr Anderson 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut.
The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom.
Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs.
Her attorney Ron Bamieh called the prosecution's move 'unprofessional' and 'pretty much unprecedented' in a murder case.
Ian Gibson, 60, had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago.
He joined H and G Contracting Services Ltd as plane refueller in 2007.
His job involved kneeling down, removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes.
In 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee two years later.
Mr Gibson claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at Heathrow Airport.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR.
The 28-year-old has 15 months left on contract at Loftus Road.
Hull are also showing interest in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was found murdered in February.
A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Friends said the teenager 'just wanted to be with her mum'
Usain Bolt will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre challenge on Sunday.
The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin.
Bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit.
Next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
The company is worth £11 billion, making it second only to Tesco in the retail sector.
It takes three to four months for designs on the catwalk to appear, in some shape or form, in Next.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.
The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant.
In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.
He has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct and is being held on $2,500 bond.
Two boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families.
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family.
Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan.
The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) leads to similar outcomes as antidepressants when treating the mental disorder.
Mindfulness is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation.
The course of MBCT treatment typically lasts for eight weeks and mainly relies on meditation but also includes cognitive behaviour therapy and yoga.
It's designed to help the patient develop a healthier, more accepting relationship with their thoughts and feelings.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National.
Here are Nos 10-1.
Click HERE for the first part of our countdown.
Tories claim Russian leader would be happy with Ed Miliband as prime minister.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted.
Tories also point to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident.
Mr Miliband reacted with fury to the attacks, accusing the Tories of 'desperate smears'
Deputy PM said control of Department for Education would be key demand.
Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against 'ideological gimmicks'
Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms.
Mr Gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's Cabinet reshuffle.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, has been found guilty of killing Mason Hess by snapping his neck after shaking him.
The 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it'
She was babysitting Mason as she was a friend of the family.
Mason died on September 1 after being airlifted to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Manny Pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes.
He is just over 5ft 6in but doubles as the player-coach of a professional basketball team, the Kia Carnival.
His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday, and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights.
Lara Logan was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in Egypt in 2011.
She is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky,confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized.
Logan was forced in 2011 to take a seven-month leave of absence after admitting her report on the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, was based on a discredited first-hand account.
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation in 2005.
The pair were refused clemency earlier this year.
Their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation.
Sukumaran's skill and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty.
His cousin Niranjela Karunatilake is currently holding an exhibition of his paintings in London.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal.
The Italian striker took a'slight knock' in training on Friday.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker did not travel with the squad.
Liverpool beat Arsenal 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite.
Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses.
The employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union.
It is also a blow to Ed Miliband, who has received more than £13million from Unite since becoming leader in 2010.
Researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
Although the scientific paper is yet to be published, the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out.
Many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on BBC.
She said there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC'
But she refused to say who would be replacing Clarkson.
Asked if it would be a woman, she said female candidates were being considered.
Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting producer.
He was told his contract would not be renewed by the corporation.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives'
He warned that a vote for Ukip would be equal to a 'vote for Ed Miliband'
Mr Johnson's intervention shows the Tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a Labour government propped up by the SNP.
Sir John Major clashed with Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon over the prospect of the surging Scottish Nationalists holding the balance of power.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer.
The England skipper has played under a number of big names for club and country.
Rooney has revealed he is captaining the team 'his own way'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested at 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Florida.
He is believed to have shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane.
Stancil's mother, Debbie, said Lane had fired him without notice.
Lane had been in a relationship with a man named Chuck Tobin.
Tobin, 28, vanished after leaving home last July and his remains were found in November.
Police are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime.
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney.
The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device.
It was focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away.
Photographs taken with the hand held camera captured more natural gestures and poses giving us a better sense of the streets.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds.
He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.
Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement.
After the 2013 Boston Bombings, Desisa donated his medal to the city.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday.
She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of Istanbul.
The 32-year-old travels around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
He documents his work to his Instagram, which has over 50,000 followers.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford.
Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday.
Liverpool have lost six of their last eight in all competitions.
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton.
The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie.
Van Gaal says it is too early to know the severity of the injury.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch.
The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts.
They were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969.
Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926.
The estate is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and also boasts several satellite residences for staff.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in Anyang.
His facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible 17 years on.
Self-mummification was a way to preserve a person’s body after death.
Earlier this year, mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in Mongolia.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in Bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report.
This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008.
Fannie Randle has worked at the University of Southern California sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years.
She was saving for a new car because hers was old and held together with duct tape.
Sorority sisters and former president Alicia Jewell presented her with a $21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home.
The mom-of-five admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce.
She also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters.
But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes'
Teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham.
Allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles.
More than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - also alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers.
They also claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby was a hoax.
Scottish First Minister says Labour leader will soon 'change his tune'
Miliband insists he will not agree to 'confidence and supply' deal with SNP.
But he refuses to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation.
Critics say that would mean weak Labour government having to negotiate.
A Sensitive Needs Housing Unit can be found inside Level IV maximum-security facilities.
It is set to protect former members from the gangs, some of the more prominent being the Black Guerilla Family, Aryan Brotherhood and rival hispanic gangs Nuestra Familia from Northern California and the Mexican Mafia from the south.
Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
Russia lifted ban on supplying Iran with air defence missile system.
Vladimir Putin gave go-ahead for the deal, with defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment 'promptly'
Move likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 test debut on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015.
Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1.
Pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed.
Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’
Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘inevitable crash’ later, the teaching union said.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California.
In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment.
Schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership and donations.
The soaring, glass-paned Crystal Cathedral — the touchstone of his storied ministry — was sold to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange in 2011.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday.
The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car.
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient.
He asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts.
The father-of-one, of Chester-le-Street, County Durham, had spent 12 years working in the NHS.
But he has now lost everything because of a'moment of madness', his lawyer told the court.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years.
The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander, aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling.
It was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow he had sex with.
Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Straw had been stuffed inside the old clothes that had been sewn together.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs.
England C has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979.
Paul Fairclough selects from players outside the Football League, aged 23 and under.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on weekend before heist.
They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on evening of Good Friday.
But they thought this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks.
It has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'
Clare Van Santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
She was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
The Perth woman has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
Her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old, and how they will live without her.
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums.
Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways.
The Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues the Etihad deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador.
Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday.
The obvious exceptions are Ryan Gosling - is there a hot list he isn't on? - and Justin Timberlake.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled.
Mr Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox.
But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’
He promised to ‘take to the streets’ to defend the Tory record.
The 34-year-old model, who has announced she's retiring from the runway, was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week.
The Brazilian mother of two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning.
Some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, others sported an entire mask of face bling.
Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the look.
Kate Sylvester showcased delicate, ladylike designs in a 'Romeo and Juliet'-inspired collection.
Hyperion is one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km)
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken.
The moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
The squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks.
They give potential housebreakers details about the building.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
Lanarkshire Police have urged anyone who has seen these symbols to call them.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman.
She captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick.
The seven-second video is accompanied by Ms Dorman giggling throughout.
It was then shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up.
Emma Forbes, 49, bought seven-bedroom home for £43 million in February.
She and her hedge fund boss husband Graham Clempson, 51, had bought it for £18.5 million in 2007.
Land Registry records show there is no mortgage on the couple’s new home.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre.
The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division.
Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer.
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club.
Barcelona won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season.
The Chelsea stopper has lost his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois.
Arsenal must make a swift decision on Cech this summer.
Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move.
Liverpool, PSG, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989'
Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
Castleford winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow against Hull KR.
Carney will be out for up to two months after being told he needs elbow surgery.
Winger James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes.
Raheem Sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at Liverpool.
Sam Allardyce believes paying Sterling more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old's team-mates demanding more.
Allardyce does not blame Sterling for trying to get as much as possible.
The incident happened on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley.
The driver followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof.
Glostershire Road Police tweeted a picture of the van to warn other drivers.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central.
He is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page appearing to lick a female friend's breasts.
Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko'
But the 35-year-old insists the pictures show him enjoying himself 'like a normal person'
He said they show he is able to balance his personal and professional life.
Malky Mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday night.
The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a meeting with new chairman David Sharpe.
Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November.
He is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages.
Wigan are eight points off Championship safety with only five games left.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Johnson was initially arrested on Monday, 2nd March and was charged after he answered his police bail today.
He will appear at the magistrates court in Peterlee on the morning of Wednesday, May 20th.
Julie Creffield, 37, from Stratford, East London, was told she was too fat to run.
She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races since.
Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size.
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list.
In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns.
The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Tommy Cox, from Colchester, Essex, and Prince George of Cambridge look very similar.
His mother – whose name is Kate – and father Paul, 41, are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.
Mrs Cox, 35, a sales and marketing manager, first noticed the similarities between Tommy and George when the prince was christened in October 2013.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home.
The 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with ties.
She was then driven with her son to a house in Fife, Fife.
Mother managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son.
Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton, Washington, on Wednesday.
Michael Slager, 33, fired eight shots at the back of Walter Scott, 55, as he ran away from his car during a traffic stop on Saturday.
Slager's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force, but swiftly dropped him after the dead man's family released a bystander's video of the shooting.
The officer, whose wife is eight months pregnant, is being held without bond pending an August 21 hearing on a charge of murder that could put him in prison for 30 years to life if convicted.
Residents of the Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions.
Krul smiled at Defoe shortly after the striker's goal gave the Black Cats the lead.
I have nothing against Krul, personally or professionally.
Saido Berahino is likely to be away with England under 21s until June.
West Brom were open to bids of £20million for the striker in January.
Berahino has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play Champions League football.
Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.
Scientists at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
A Russian YouTuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road.
It crushed trees in its powerful path and left toppled power lines in its wake.
The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide.
In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda.
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.
But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick.
The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors.
It will be sold next month at RM Sotheby's auction in Villa Erba, Italy, and has a guide
Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during Crystal Palace's 2-1 win over Manchester City.
The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling City fans when he was hit by the flying object.
Puncheon sarcastically clapped in the direction of the City supporters.
Blackburn were eliminated from the FA Cup by Liverpool on Wednesday.
Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players.
Bowyer has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the last two transfer windows.
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race.
It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street.
RunBase is a combined effort between the B.A.A., Adidas and longtime shoe-seller Marathon Sports, which is providing the staff and retail know-how.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion'
The procedure is banned except when necessary to save a woman's life or prevent irreversible damage to her physical health.
Abortion rights supporters said the procedure is often the safest for women seeking to terminate pregnancies during the second trimester.
Saturday Night Live skewered the news that Hillary Clinton would be announcing her presidential campaign on social media this week.
The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'
The pair decide to record a cellphone video of the Democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable.
They insist her second run at the White House will be about the people and not centered around her.
But, despite desperate attempts to not be self-centered, Clinton seems incapable of talking about anyone but herself and brushes off
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago.
Simon Phillip Comerford  fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse while on transport duty in January 1918.
His brother Laurence was wounded in action in France in November 1914 and November 1917.
The records belonging to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia.
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently.
But do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations?
Use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own.
Score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar.
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club.
Puyol could join up with Frank Lampard in the States or Xavi in Qatar.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate.
That would have commemorated both his Purple Heart and his Combat Infantryman's Badge.
The Utah Division of Motor Vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of abusing his position of power.
Allegedly raped and molested 11 young women who wanted to join the forces.
Mee, who has served in war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan, denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian.
The Miami-based Latina has already been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian'
She works as a distributor for a skin cosmetics firm.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in Dunblane.
Decorations feature in many of the shop windows in the town's stores.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the day.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history.
He beats Rafa Benitez in the average of goals conceded per game.
Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti have impressive defensive records.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury for Arsenal Under 21s.
The England midfielder was joined by Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner.
Wilshere will be hoping to return to Arsenal's first team for the season run-in and FA Cup semi-final.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family.
Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.
The Australian batsman will be sidelined for up to three months.
Finch was part of Australia's World Cup-winning side.
He was injured while playing in the Indian Premier League.
Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year.
This makes it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents.
Artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created a moving new art installation.
Created as part of HSE’s Beware Asbestos campaign.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds.
West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker.
He is described as being of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin, in his early twenties.
Police are treating the crime as a rape and attempted murder.
Leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts said customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May'
It was expected to launch on 24 April.
Ms Ahrendtt added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability'
The monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child.
It is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown.
Mr Li claimed the specimen had become a big attraction.
He explained he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market.
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7.
Farah will compete in the first time he's competed over 1,500m since 2013.
Jessica Ennis-Hill and Greg Rutherford are set to compete at the Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium.
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing.
She says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably.
Gwyneth openly praised Chris when he dated Chris and he's said to be supportive of her dating choices.
Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.
Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 82, has been unusually open about her opinions.
She will be part of landmark Supreme Court hearing which could legalize gay marriage.
Obergefell v. Hodges will be heard from tomorrow and a decision is expected this summer.
Ginsburg is one of four liberal-voting Supreme Court justices.
Anthony Kennedy has often sided with them on gay rights issues.
Rappers Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night.
All of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates.
Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and New York.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday.
He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire.
Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who was detained under the Mental Health Act.
Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show.
The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died'
But fast-forward three months later and Jewell's Social Security number hasn't been reinstated.
She also cannot renew her driver's license, has not received her tax refund and had one of her credit cards cancelled.
Jewell's benefits and even her job as a licensed pharmacy technician could be in jeopardy if the problem isn't fixed.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold in 2013.
His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb requiring surgery.
Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Private jet is a growing trend, with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the US in 2013 and 705,000 in Europe.
The busiest weekends unsurprisingly occur during huge sporting events, with the Super Bowl in America and the Monaco Grand Prix the priciest times of year to fly.
Most expensive airport is Haneda Airport, also known as Tokyo International Airport, where planes are charged a whopping £4,559 ($6,850) just for the privilege of landing.
Boris Milat has confessed to knowing of his brother's first victim, Neville Knight.
The 17-year-old shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, according to reports.
Mr Milat's brother, Alan Dillon, was jailed for the first crime his brother committed.
Dillon even confessed to the crime, in an attempt to protect his own brother.
A new report claims Ivan Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers.
Police in Surrey are hunting two raiders who stripped off their tops.
The men were caught on camera holding up an Esso petrol station in Caterham.
They forced their way into the manager's office looking for cash.
Police released CCTV of the men which they hope will lead to calls.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a crash with a Toyota Kluger.
The collision occurred on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney.
Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution.
NSW police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town against Caldy on Sunday.
The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings.
Livingstone believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career.
The undefeated boxer has a vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery.
Mayweather regularly posts betting slips showing winnings of up to $800,000.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was arrested in Kampala over the murder of Joan Kagezi.
Kagezi was killed in front of her children days before a major trial.
He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded £1million.
One of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners awarded £20million payout from British taxpayer.
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old.
He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her.
But his granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.
In the video she hands Mr Cain her present, which dates from the 1920s.
When his daughter, Joyce, explains by saying 'That's your momma', a shocked Mr Cain can only exclaim 'what?!'
The man was located after Operation Resolve launched the appeal on Thursday.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Previous inquests which recorded conclusions of accidental death were thrown out at the High Court in 2012.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old Vincent Viafore.
Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak.
She was later picked up by a boater.
Police have yet to find Viafore's body.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7.
Langley, an ASU student, held a press conference on campus Tuesday declaring that her boyfriend is innocent, and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
Less than two weeks after the incident, Langley walked back her previous statements in interviews with reporters.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'
His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal.
Holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult. Bathing is excruciating.
He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
Unless a cure is found, Jonathan will likely only live to 25.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson.
She followed her inspirational story of cancer survival.
But Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
In a magazine interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Manchester United players met sick supporters on Monday.
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea met the fans at their training complex.
The trio were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'
Van Gaal was upset on Saturday that John Terry appeared to foul Falcao before Eden Hazard scored.
Napoli beat Cagliari 1-0 at the Sant'Elia Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez's side.
Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage.
Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei.
Labour's Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories.
Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman.
He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback'
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs.
The Kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants started breeding dogs in 2002.
John Updegraff and Karen Szewc tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock.
On Thursday a judge at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled the animals were not suited to the role.
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act.
Using a human as their base, pooches stood up high on their hind legs.
Aoki also works as a dog trainer, and runs the Waterloo, Australia-based company Positive Dog Care.
Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years.
She played the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988.
In her new memoir, A Fine Romance, she reveals that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy Charlie McCarthy.
Charlie McCarthy was willed $10,000 with the proviso that the funds be managed, invested and reinvested to fund ventriloquist performances in the future.
Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian.
Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham.
He discovered he had been linked to at least eight other fires.
Fletcher hopes his research will prompt a new investigation into the disaster.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning'
Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where the viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Steven Gerrard was denied the opportunity of ending his Liverpool career in this season's FA Cup final at Wembley.
Gerrard's final game at Anfield is scheduled for May 16 against Crystal Palace.
The Liverpool captain is likely to begin his new career in mid-July once the MLS transfer window opens.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters.
Lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest.
Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual in-flight entertainment systems and air conditioning.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years.
It comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and vintage cupboards.
The semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000.
Wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day.
From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips.
Black vases will be on sale after Halloween, red and gold after Christmas and pink after Valentine's Day.
Bomb threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport.
Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320.
A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers.
Federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives.
Tottenham Hotspur are sixth in the Premier League table.
They are hoping to qualify for the Europa League next season.
Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
Tottenham have been linked with Florian Thauvin and Andriy Yarmolenko.
T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women.
They play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help.
The Suzy Lamplugh Trust aims to'make society a safer place'
The hands are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors.
They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat.
The hands move a little slowly, hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy.
But they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in threesome with co-worker Dionne Clark.
But when her boyfriend found out she was raped she claimed she had been raped.
She has now admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013.
Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29.
A joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring.
New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland.
Sam Allardyce feels Nigel Pearson has received unfair criticism.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English.
She has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook.
In one section they promise Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders'
But teacher wrote in red: 'I think you mean borders, not residents'
One handwritten note about the leaflet's opening paragraph says: 'This'sentence' is long and obscure. It needs some punctuation if it is to make sense'
The Ukip candidates defected to Nigel Farage's party two weeks ago.
Daisy Goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19.
She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.
Nits are masters of disguise - it takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one.
It’s much easier to pinpoint the eggs, tell-tale white flecks that cling to the hair shaft.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals.
The Czech will face Andy Murray in the last eight.
Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after sustaining a head injury when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder in a tackle during a first grade rugby union match on Saturday.
The young man was visiting his hometown in the New England region of NSW for the weekend.
He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Tooth also played for Sydney team Wollahrah Colleagues RUFC, and was remembered as a 'great bloke
Miliband, 45, has been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly.
But that didn't prevent him from coming top in the sex appeal stakes.
Fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy grey tie'
Shortly afterwards, a Vine of Mr Miliband smouldering sultrily took the internet by storm.
Get Rid of Sids Project has had its charity status revoked.
The organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger.
Ms Messenger has penned a number of children's books, including Melanie's Marvelous Measles.
Her planned trip caused uproar and was repeatedly boycotted by Australian doctors and venues.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children.
They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
The same couldn't be said for the 900 men, women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on Sunday.
Italy has pressed the European Union to devise plans to stop the tide of migrants on smuggler boats in the Mediterranean.
Molly Parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin.
He pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions.
Saige, five, from the US, has had enough of living with her mother for five years.
She declares she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend.
But her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her.
Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Pep Guardiola's side travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal.
Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba were injured.
Bayern have a 10-point advantage over the Bundesliga leaders.
Kyle Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday.
There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot.
Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
However, more tests are planned this week.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, shut down after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law.
The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before.
O'Connor and her father Kevin said they'll re-open soon but were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing and they didn't know if orders were fake or real.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store.
He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs.
But a court heard he was caught shoplifting after heading to a Tesco.
His own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief'
USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands.
Hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible.
There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel.
Experts last month used an autonomous underwater vehicle called the Echo Ranger to survey the Independence.
Leicester beat West Brom 3-2 in the Premier League at The Hawthorns.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of survival.
Nigel Pearson's side are still bottom, but now just three points behind Hull in 17th.
Darren Fletcher scored his first goal since joining West Brom during the January transfer window.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza.
But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect.
A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted.
Most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
However, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition.
Vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness.
Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Fire crews used heavy drills to cut through thick concrete walls.
They eventually created a big enough hole for the pair to crawl out unharmed.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour.
One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them.
Police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel.
Two men, 21 and 22, were charged and will appear in court this month.
'Loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone.
Essex and Gloucestershire councils have already implemented the maps.
They allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Campaigners say councils should draw up maps of places where people are most likely to suffer from social isolation.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Prosecutor Deni Iswanto on Thursday finalised the charges against the men.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
He was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwe's Zambezi Valley.
The animal charged and knelt on Gibson until he died.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project.
The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers.
David Walliams has said he will be the first to jump in the new pool.
Millie-Belle Diamond, who is 14 months old, has 115,000 Instagram followers.
Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online.
The toddler, from Warriewood, in northern Sydney, originally set up an Instagram account when she was two months old.
She is the proud owner of Louis Vuitton and Chanel purses and pint-sized Burberry jackets.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests.
Front row attendees were given a personalised Lenovo tablet.
Each of the tablets had been customised with wallpaper bearing their name.
The show was a spectacular success, with an A-list turn-out.
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has pledged to give each of the 100 fighter pilots a Bentley.
He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted.
Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago.
They were launched to stop advances from Shiite Houthi rebels.
But they appeared to resume on Wednesday following advances by rebels.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing antiques and art treasures from Countess of Bathurst.
The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches.
Her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Roberts, of Colyton, Devon, yesterday admitted three charges she had previously denied.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which the widower was the sole witness.
Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of both women.
Now, newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out
Julie Falconer's Instagram account, A Lady in London, showcases the best of the English capital.
Adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Shay Mitchell stars on Pretty Little Liars, but she also frequently visits destinations such as India and Morocco for her charity work.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a $65million Gulfstream G650.
The wealthy televangelist came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work.
Dollar is one of the most prominent African-American preachers in the United States.
He is head of the World Changers Church International, a Christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel.
Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings.
Manager James Hannaway says he is fed up with 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'
Babies of 0 to six months are under 15.
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed.
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile.
The firm has also used Facebook to boost its'mutual friends' feature.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
After the show is over, the baby's big sister asks if she would like to see it again.
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to League One.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in the win for Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side.
Shrewsbury are one win away from a return to the Championship.
Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0.
Mark O'Meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on Sunday.
Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan.
Seve Ballesteros's second Masters victory featured what he called 'the best golf of my life' over the first four holes.
Lord Byron came from four strokes down to two ahead in just 25 minutes, and went on to win the first of his five majors by that same margin.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville.
No one was injured in the crash.
Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home.
He was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later.
Owners Steven Davison, 71, and his wife Susan, 68, couldn't believe their luck.
Their daughter Gemma Davison-Lemalle, 30, saw a picture of her childhood pet.
She said: 'We thought we'd lost him for good so it's amazing to have him back'
The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark’s Square.
The hotel's heated swimming pool, set in extensive gardens, is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central Venice.
Guests included Cindy Crawford, Bill Murray, Emily Blunt and Matt Damon, U2 lead singer Bono and US Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move to Wolfsburg and Napoli.
The Liverpool defender has rejected the rumours.
Skrtel's contract at Anfield expires in 2016.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks.
A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest.
Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago.
The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay.
Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations.
Love Food Hate Waste will store details of all the foods you have at home.
My Kitchen will warn you if you are about to buy duplicate ingredients.
Berry's Wine List is Britain's oldest wine and spirit merchant.
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Luis Suarez opened the scoring and Lionel Messi doubled the lead.
Neymar posted a photo of himself with his fellow Barcelona attackers.
The Brazilian captioned the photo: 'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!'
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday.
Patrice Evra believes the Italians called upon quintessential Italian traits.
The former Manchester United full back believes Ligue 1's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.
Body of wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, was found in a river near to their home.
She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday.
Snyder is currently in the Clinton County Correctional Facility on $500,000 bail.
The form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold.
It asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane to sinister.
At the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits.
The form is ominously titled ‘Invisible Empire’, an alternative name for the clan at the time.
Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762 and was indicted that December for his testimony before a grand jury investigating the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative.
He was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld the conviction in 2013.
A larger group, which listened to arguments from prosecutors and Bonds' lawyers last September, concluded there was insufficient evidence his initial evasive answer was material to the grand jury's probe.
Despite holding the career
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo.
Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency.
David Villa cheered on former club Atletico Madrid during Champions League quarter-final first-leg clash with Real Madrid.
The World Cup-winning star joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot in the Spanish capital.
Villa is enjoying life in New York and has been named club captain.
The Carnival Spirit has 2500 passengers stranded outside Sydney Harbour because of the city's wild weather.
The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
Waves of nine metres have been battering the ship for the past 24 hours.
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
Robin van Persie Snr. posted a video of his son Shaqueel scoring with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden.
The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert.
Manchester United will reportedly offer Van Persie £5million to quit the club.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
If convicted he faces 20 years' jail.
Cobb worked on the 1999-2000 East Timor crisis with Major General Sir Peter Cosgrove.
The Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District.
by James Rebanks.
(Allen Lane £16.99)
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSV Eindhoven this week.
Manchester United and Liverpool are interested in the Holland winger.
Depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal on Sunday and Arsene Wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception.
Wenger wants'respect' for the club's former players.
The Spaniard left in 2011 and is expected to be a key part of the champions-elect.
Fabregas has won seven and drawn five of his 12 meetings with Wenger.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored from the penalty spot in the first half.
Charlie Adam equalised shortly before half time.
Loic Remy scored the winner in the second half.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night.
The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4.
It will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the Conditional Jockeys title race.
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinvillville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.
The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.
The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, is a part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men.
In the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.
But during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
The cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday.
Johnny Depp plays the notorious criminal in the film.
The trailer was one of several Warner Bros screen at CinemaCon on Thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day.
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life.
Well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby.
But there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of the ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation.
Fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany.
Scotland will discover on May 21 if September's Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia will be played behind closed doors.
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs.
46 per cent gave them toys bought for their elder sibling.
82 per cent have a memento of their first child, such as a lock of hair.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
Fire crews spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle.
No-one was injured and only the driver was on board at the time.
The slip road still remains closed as the Highways Agency remove the wreckage of the coach from the scene.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.
Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy.
Reds' FA Cup semi-final exit against Aston Villa on Sunday followed defeat at the same stage of the Capital One Cup by Chelsea.
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed.
The doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself.
Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life but his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart.
Grey and white cat Marv became stuck in a gap between two garages.
He was left dangling upside down for two hours and the RSPCA were unable to coax him out.
Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour's wall.
After creating a hole in the wall, Marv's tail and back legs were revealed.
The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806.
It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.
The cobbled part of town is home to private galleries and unassuming cafes.
Australian internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film.
Internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats.
They say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations.
 iiNet's former chief regulatory officer, Steve Dalby, said the letter was not proof and it would be difficult for the film's studio to prove someone downloaded it.
A man driving to work in Alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week.
That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
Terry Proctor, 29, of Piedmont, was booked into the Cherokee County Jail, on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools.
The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win.
Then, in celebrating their big victory, they broke the trophy.
Both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday.
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West visited Armenian church in Jerusalem.
Kardashian family fended off swooning fans as they entered Saint James Cathedral.
Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Gerry Adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on US television.
He said incidents like Jean McConville's murder happened 'in every single conflict'
The comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten.
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The mega-fight is billed as the $300million fight of the century.
In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) and $99.99 (66)
In Britain, Sky Box Office is offering the bout for £19.99.
Boxing legend Mike Tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular call' for drivers.
Mercedes boss says Mercedes will not have it all their own way.
Lewis Hamilton has won two of the three Formula One races this season.
Charmain Adusah, 41, was found face down in a bath in Koforidua, Ghana.
Husband Eric Isaiah Adussah, 28, is being held on suspicion of her murder.
He is said to have left the hotel on the day she is believed to have died.
The couple had been married in September and had an eight-year-old son.
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home.
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles said parents should not doubt his'resolve' to take their children into the hands of child protection services.
Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
On Monday night, 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March.
They found birds living in terrible conditions at the Yarra Valley farm.
Several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists.
The owner of the 6000-bird farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
The Margaret River Pro takes place from April 15 until April 26.
Australian surfer Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash.
Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break.
Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Camborne and Redruth.
He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin.
Ms Jenkin is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow.
She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***'
Mr Foster said not many people in Cornwall would be hit by the mansion tax.
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday.
She has been charged with first-degree assault.
Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Kevin Wimmer is a £4.4million target for Tottenham.
Austria international is wanted by the club in a deal worth £5million.
Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Spurs.
Newcastle United lost 5-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby.
The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
But they set another record as losers of the last five derbies.
Head coach John Carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage.
He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt.
The clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
Clitheroe chairwoman Anne Barker said the player had 'brought the club into disrepute'
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue.
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
John Doyle, 79, was helping children cross the road to school in Timperley.
But Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over crossing without slowing and attacked him.
Mr Doyle was left with a broken rib and a punctured lung after attack.
Rustemi, from Stockport, escaped a jail sentence this week after admitting assault causing actual bodily harm and dangerous driving.
Ben Morgan is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup.
Gloucester No 8 broke his left leg playing against Saracens in January.
Morgan last featured for England when he scored two tries during their victory over Australia five months ago.
A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service, have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Haji Bakr is widely considered to have been ISIS
The unnamed man died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms.
He was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East.
The extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the United States, led the man to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
Driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur.
He is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody.
His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child.
They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
John Carver says he's enjoying his role at Newcastle.
The 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing Alan Pardew.
Newcastle have won just two games under Carver.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues.
The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders. Subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service.
Thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
There were 32 50-minute episodes over two series, shown in 66 countries.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike.
She has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Saturday afternoon.
Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead.
Alan Judge and Jota put the result beyond doubt in injury time.
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad.
Some accusations that the players had gone 'on strike'
Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
Sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday.
He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path.
Angela Buckler, 34, said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse.
She said cyclist was not paying attention and was 'not bothered' by what she had done.
Sweden’s fab four in their famous Eurovision Song Contest winner sang Abba.
They paid a visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, just south of Brussels.
The British know what happened when Napoleon met his Waterloo.
But the French-speaking world is less convinced.
The Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes.
It helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade.
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand.
It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm.
In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away.
The gadget was created by Wuppertal, Germany, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero.
The girls paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a 'test of their composure'
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest.
The girls were competing to get to the national final in Beijing.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
The 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account.
He dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items.
Moore's luxury haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings.
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him.
Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over couple's lack of children.
Ujjal had accused his son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' of 'firing blanks'
He was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days at Manchester Crown Court.
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute.
Deportivo midfielder Jose Rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee Pedro Jesus Perez Montero pointing to the spot.
Sociedad seized the lead once more in the 57th minute with a goal of the highest quality.
But Deportivo came roaring back once more as Verdu Nicolas capitised on some poor defending.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000.
His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
Schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit Sunday in a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray.
The modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle under 'racetrack conditions'
Mark Lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a South Korean man.
The 42-year-old needed 80 stitches to the deep knife wound to his face.
North Korea previously called the attack 'deserved punishment' but denied any role in it.
Henri Morris, 67, was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012.
The woman told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from Houston, Texas, to New Jersey for work.
Morris pleaded guilty to a single charge of drugging and abusing a female employee, in exchange for prosecutors dropping other abuse charges.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.
The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said.
Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the French Alps.
The seven-year-old was described as a 'daring, outgoing and determined' youngster.
His family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed.
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in 2012.
He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel.
Doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil.
Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield (12.45pm)
Everton vs Southampton (3pm) Leicester City vs West Ham United.
Chelsea vs Stoke (5.30pm) Sunderland vs Newcastle United (4pm)
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013.
She sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination.
One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051.
Increase will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants.
Campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol.
He slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall.
Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment.
But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Friend and club vice-chairman Ben Bennett said: 'It was just a tragic accident'
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver says his players have a point to prove.
Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic.
It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
The Czechs have won five games against Slovakia.
Shadow chancellor said the letter was just a 'jokey note'
Liam Byrne left the note to his successor David Laws in 2010.
It has become emblematic of Labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office.
Mr Balls said Labour would cut the deficit every year.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose seat to SNP.
He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge.
Lib Dems believe in tearing up the current House of Lords.
Leinster are currently fifth in the Pro12 competition.
Bath are short of experience in some key positions.
Clermont have not lost a European game in the Massif Central since 2008.
Saracens are inexperienced at knockout European rugby.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse in Istanbul.
They uploaded the photographs of Kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process.
Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the 'terrorist propaganda' images, before going on to block access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube.
Turkish Press Council said banning social media websites was in conflict with democracy.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast.
Once in capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and Establishment figures.
Account provides first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings that operated in London and Northern Ireland.
Raymond Townsend, manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32.
Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
He also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me'
Leicester City host West Ham United at the King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Matt Upson is out of Leicester's clash with West Ham.
Jeff Schlupp could be rested for the Foxes.
Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss out.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced.
He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'
But he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation.
Then moved to a second and third hotel to evade police.
Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing's arrest.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana on Wednesday.
Customer saw staff butchering dog to be served up as pork dish on menu.
Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'The meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
Five arrests made at restaurant, including three workers of Chinese nationality.
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking xenophobic violence.
He said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave South Africa.
But the dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted wrath of women's rights campaigners.
The violence has left at least seven dead in the last couple of weeks as it spreads from Durban to Johannesburg.
A road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera.
The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney.
It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car.
Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa.
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war.
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
Mr Miliband attacked the decision to abandon European rescue missions.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas have yet to be signed.
The pair are finalising their preparations for the fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement'
The president opened his speech on the South Lawn by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion'
But then came the zinger: 'I usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat'
Obama was flanked by head coach Bill Belichick and billionaire Patriots owner Bob Kraft.
Brady won his fourth Super Bowl ring in February - and his first since President Obama took office.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.
Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.
A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.
Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.
She also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children.
Leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
Earlier this year, residents in the district were named as among the best recyclers in England.
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January.
The admin of the page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians.
Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday.
Aaron Cresswell had given the home side an early lead.
Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th minute equaliser for the Hammers.
Sam Allardyce's side are suffering from a psychological problem.
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park since he was just one year old.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing on Tuesday.
His parents have vowed to take him back to the campground for more holidays.
Luke's doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.
NBC hold the live rights to show matches Stateside.
In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live.
This weekend, for the first time, NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
Star anchor Rebecca Lowe was at Turf Moor for Burnley against Arsenal.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market.
Britannia basks in its Britishness, with beers from 56 UK counties.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at Marks & Spencer.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south east London, is accused of killing him.
She is said to have become frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked.
When she could not get past him she exchanged heated words with him, it was alleged.
Mr Buckley broke his thighbone and wrist after crashing to the floor in the aisle.
He was taken into intensive care and put on a life-support machine.
Two months later, the decision was taken to turn off the machine and
Long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in catch-up service's top five for the month.
Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon.
BBC Worldwide said they will fulfil the series of live shows which have already sold 200,000 tickets worldwide.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix to extend his lead in the championship.
The 30-year-old Briton finished ahead of Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg.
Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq.
A few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising.
One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name Niall Horan.
Niall will swap girls screams for Augusta greens as he caddies for golfer.
McIlroy piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit at last year's Masters.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the World Championship in Sheffield on Wednesday.
The 20-year-old Belgium international turned out for Under 21s.
Januzaj was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy.
Hamm, 44, allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong.
The Golden Globe winner was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation.
But he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
Summer Robertson, 21, died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach.
She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore.
Another volunteer, 19-year-old Alice Barnett, from Canterbury in Kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later.
Her parents have been remembering their daughter who they described as a 'bubbly tomboy'
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen.
She then drained their bank accounts, with one spouse losing $100,000.
House and her husband Zackerie House, 27, are now wanted by police.
They are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'
Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.
Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records, has denied killing Carter and trying to kill his victim in a parking lot in Compton on January 18.
He has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday, 5.30pm)
Diego Costa may not be risked against the Potters due to hamstring injury.
Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available.
Marc Muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem.
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound.
The 23-year-old shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance.
Emergency crews were called and two officers were forced to escort him.
On the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over.
Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
David Lammy said SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Comes amid warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom'
Polls suggest SNP are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
But Scottish First Minister has vowed to work with Mr Miliband.
John Major will today warn that Britain faces a 'daily dose of blackmail' from the SNP.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job.
But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini.
Txiki Begiristain met the Borussia Dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for City.
The club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season with victory in Malaysia.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way in China this weekend.
The Mistley Thorn is a two-minute walk from Mistley station.
Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
Living Dead Clothing has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week.
The Brisbane based company is already raking in millions on the back of Hollywood's blockbuster moving 'The Avengers: Age of Ultron'
The most popular items have been both the men's and women's rainmaker shirts and singlets, at $85 each.
Most expensive items are the Iron Man and Thor themed dresses at $100. The leggings are $70.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August.
She dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years.
In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row.
They were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23.
Police say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary.
The body had been doused with bleach, put in a garbage bag that was duct taped and hidden in a plastic bin inside a closet.
The Apple Watch is available to pre-order in nine countries.
The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs £299 in the UK.
In the US, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax.
Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold.
California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero.
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich.
In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, Arizona.
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.
Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia, 36.
This latest incident follows cell phone footage earlier this month capturing South Carolina police officer Michael Slager fatally shotting Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running away.
In this latest video, Valencia is captured walking along a
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, took their own lives this week, less than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help.
Mrs Speidel wrote on GiveForward.com in late February that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off.
The couple leave behind two daughters, Randa and Kira Speidel.
Quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
The jolt was felt widely in the San Fernando Valley and parts of Los Angeles County.
There was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported.
Angel Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm.
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday.
The couple ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
So by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000.
They ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester.
Eddie Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras.
The Matchroom promoter upped the ante in a bid to book a July 18 date.
Frampton’s promoters, Cyclone Promotions, released a press release in response to the offer.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees.
Selfie sticks' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns.
Prominent museums including the Smithsonian and the National Gallery of Art in Washington prohibit their use.
Some English Premier League soccer teams make the devices off-limits, and the Australian Open tennis tournament discourages fans from using them court-side.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, appeared on This Morning.
They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation.
Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship.
Jane has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam.
The trio will raise the boys in Los Angeles with Russian-born Jane.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer.
The Dutch international has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.
Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Arsene Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season.
Wenger said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to give Sunderland the lead.
Dick Advocaat's side moved three points clear of the relegation zone.
Jamie Carragher criticised Tim Krul for his half-time actions.
Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher said Krul made a mistake.
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
Emergency managers in Kansas and Illinois huddled separately to address the approaching storms.
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself.
Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday.
Pablo Mandado and Ilze Zebolde have covered almost 7,000 miles and been through 16 countries.
The pair, who met in Riga in 2011, are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road.
In 356 days so far they’ve covered almost 8,000 km and been in 16 countries, including Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece and into Turkey.
Nick Clegg was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour mansion.
But move was vetoed by his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez.
Couple invited cameras into kitchen of £1.5million family home in Putney.
They revealed why they decided to remain with their three sons.
Mr Clegg quipped: 'Discussion's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no'
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV.
Holland international favourited a Sky Sports tweet linking him to a move.
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff'
He hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting Lib Dems.
Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland.
Mr Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency.
Justin Rose ended the day on seven under, sharing third place.
The 2013 US Open champion is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth.
Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes and is now one over.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship first qualifying round match in Sheffield.
Doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session.
Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
The 27-year-old defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night.
Groves took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to to win by a points decision or via a technical one.
Leonardo DiCaprio is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of Belize into an eco-resort and conservation area.
The 40-year-old actor bought the 104-acre Blackadore Caye in 2005 for $1.75 million.
He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018.
It will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt'
He became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year.
He was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived.
Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone and is now a trim 13 stone.
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed the 'new face' of the latest Islamic State propaganda videos.
The blue-eyed, Australian doctor was reportedly a 'womaniser' who was thought to be a 'pretty normal guy'
In ISIS's most recent video, a young doctor, identified as Abu Yusuf, called on foreign medics to travel to the ISIS stronghold in Raqqa to help launch the ISHS.
Kamelh, who is believed to be in his late 20's, completed his medical degree at Adelaide University.
He was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in
Salford City beat Clitheroe Town 2-1 at Prescot Cables on Saturday.
Paul Scholes co-owns the club with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt.
A draw means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes contract has not been sorted.
The British world champion says issues with paperwork have been 'a pain in the backside'
Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on Sunday.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach quarter-finals of China Open.
Veteran Scot will face defending champion Ding Junhui in last eight.
World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 in low-quality clash.
John Potter, from Savannah, forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s.
He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society.
The photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image.
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains.
He stopped off in Hampshire where the Lib Dems held Eastleigh after Chris Huhne was jailed.
But behind the scenes, senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties'
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book.
Ms Dodds said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken.
The 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media, with almost one million followers on social media.
David Billing, 48, had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital.
Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.
Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm.
The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it, and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
David Starkey says women are only of average intelligence and men are'very, very bright or very thick'
The 70-year-old also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims'
Starkey says fears of Islamophobia are victimising Muslims.
Kevin Pietersen has signed a new deal with Surrey.
Chris Tremlett has backed his Surrey team-mate to make an international comeback.
Pietersen was sacked from his position as managing director of England cricket.
The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant Iain Watters is back to revive Easter classic.
Packed with moist fruit and marzipan, Simnel cake has been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter.
The Belfast-baker puts a modern twist on the Easter favourite with pistachios, nutmeg and chopped figs.
Paula Duncan, 62, is the face of Ajax Spray'n'Wipe.
She has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
Her daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one to find her after a suicide attempt.
Duncan is also famous for her charity work.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament.
The 35-year-old batsman is hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalore's first-ever IPL crown this year.
Gayle posted a picture via his Instagram account on Tuesday of himself behind some DJ decks.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16.
Simeone believes his side will face one of Europe's top two teams.
Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family.
'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
The full interview is set to air Thursday.
British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands.
The discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires.
Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success.
Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
But it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy.
Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak denied Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
The Slovenian made a string of excellent saves to keep Real Madrid at bay.
Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary.
He was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport.
The 39-year-old was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence.
French chef Albert Roux has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Cheryl Roux, last year.
The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
Sources close to the restaurateur say he is ‘smitten’ with the 41-year-old Ukrainian who used to work at the Roux restaurant in Westminster.
But this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Sp
Researchers at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual students.
They asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people.
Sober subjects and those who had 'had a few too many' were rated as far less attractive than a 'tipsy' subject.
Study found alcohol has 'positive pulling power' but only if the subject was 'not hammered'
Too much booze led to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work.
He asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants.
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera.
Many men have joined the social media campaign holding up their pants with phrases such as 'I'm a feminist' and 'women are not objects'
Al Qaida seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen today.
It came amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign.
Militants clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla, a city the militants overran earlier this month.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night.
The side is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in England’s top flight.
Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, made the side for the third straight season.
But did the professionals get it right? Not according to the EA Sports’ Performance Index anyway.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to a wombat.
The wombat was grazing in the Wilsons Promontory National Park.
It's illegal to feed wildlife in the national park.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left Gloriavale Christian Community in New Zealand.
The Ben Canaans have left with their twelve children and few worldly possessions.
Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament.
It is home to around 500 residents, sometimes known as Cooperites, who wear a plain, blue uniform and reject birth control.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her home in Caboolture, Queensland.
She was reportedly attacked with a machete by an ex-partner.
Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
Police believe she was taken in a silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth.
The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.
And the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon.
It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
Our current theory of Earth’s formation involves more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body.
But, this model cannot explain where the heat and magnetic field came from - and ultimately its magnetic field -.
This likely would have happened about 4.5 billion years ago.
Many researchers believe the moon formed after Earth
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave this summer.
The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, are on alert.
Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks.
Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure.
Juventus and Liverpool are interested in signing the 23-year-old.
A dog on death row will for the first time have its case heard in the High Court of Australia.
Condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012.
The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm cut to her finger on August 4 in 2012.
Spencer Bell, 71, bravely ventured on to M1 after man fell from bridge.
But as he tended victim Alan Tretheway, 67, he was struck by Toyota.
Mrs Shahzad, 32, pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell’s death.
She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Bayern are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba.
Thomas Muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injury troubles.
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
Sir Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly failed to achieve this.
The 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane in Toronto.
He shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning.
MacFarlane has seen raccoons on his cranes before and has also found 'evidence' of their presence in the past.
It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade.
The severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
But they knew it would occur somewhere around the southeast coast, they did not know exactly where.
Powerful winds on Monday night and Tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in Edgecliff, in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to travel to the Middle East.
His eldest son Amer, 21, is fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra.
He has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks and is in Libya.
Two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in separate incidents last year.
Abdullah, 18, was killed last April after suffering a bullet wound to his stomach and Jaffar, 17, was reported dead six months later after being shot in the head during a battle in Aleppo.
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days.
She works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and Kanye West.
The reality television star even snacks, saying she enjoys Justin's peanut butter packs and spoonfuls of Dulce de Leche-flavoured Häagen-dazs ice cream.
Miriam Clegg said MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May after five years.
She hit the campaign trail on her own today, as Mr Clegg says she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party.
The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in London.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
A wily coyote gave the New York Police Department the runaround on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church.
The male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea.
After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops' attempts to catch it.
It was only captured more than an hour later when Emergency Services Unit officers
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed in a US drone strike in January.
It has been claimed he and fellow aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto were used as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative while in captivity.
The 73-year-old was killed alongside a fellow al Qaeda operative.
His family have slammed their response to his abduction, and it has now been claimed they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death.
The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe, saying they oppose the death penalty.
Last week a jury found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line.
The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after agent suggested he could leave Everton.
Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer.
The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and could fetch up to £30,000.
Everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots.
The Fourteen Stars Tavern building was pulled down in 1857 and later turned into a block of flats.
They are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow.
Zoe Gregory, 26, pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up school.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours.
She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates.
Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account.
Gregory is likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting to communicating false information.
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year.
He left behind four murals including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe.
The painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door.
But Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100.
Celtic beat St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL on Friday night.
Stuart Armstrong started with a couple of heavy touches but his pass to Kris Commons was perfectly weighted.
James Forrest was the man whose intervention broke Gary Teale’s heart with a second half tap-in.
Stefan Johansen later converted from the penalty spot.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
The petition currently has over 120,000 signatures.
Alcorn committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, is posting her cosmetic surgery experience on social media through pictures and videos.
The 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on Instagram alone.
She is currently in Bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery.
Her $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' package included a stay in a Phuket beach hotel.
Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure.
The Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million.
Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever.
Pacquiao's trainer says Andre Ward and Gennady Golovkin are above Mayweather.
Roach says Pacquiao is in the best shape of his life.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, dropped over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant.
The mother-of-six lived on a diet of takeaways, pizzas and kebabs.
She also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night.
The 24-year-old's treble moved Belgium into third place in the Premier League.
Eden Hazard has helped Belgium to the top of the table with 12 goals.
Spain have the likes of Diego Costa and David Silva to thank for their tally.
Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled David Cameron about homeless people.
She was later removed from the studio and told reporters she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top'
She said she was 'asked to leave, and they did it politely' after the incident.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear.
The five-time world snooker champion is looking for another title this week.
O'Sullivan will play Matthew Stevens in the last 16 of the Crucible.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days.
The single-mum had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future'
Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome.
The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition firststruck.
She assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow.
Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London's Olympia.
Chyknell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, is on the market for £6million.
It comes complete with Grade II-listed manor house and five cottages.
Its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Chyknell, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since.
Property also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and even its own cricket green.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies.
The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power.
If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.
The Reds boss says losing a 'world-class player' like Luis Suarez has made things difficult for Liverpool.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.
Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk.
Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton's Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000.
The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history.
A mechanic’s garage in Paddington Sydney has sold in the inner city for $1.2 million.
In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used for three generations.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles.
The love story it tells was unknown until 2000, when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery.
More than 100 letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed.
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain.
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey.
They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale.
The family are expected return to the UK from Turkey this week.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day.
A staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine.
She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since.
Doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
Ms Gilchrist will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her son Tommy.
Jihadis posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy.
ISIS' decision to publicly execute the men hasprompted outrage in Gaza.
Hundreds of residents of the Yarmouk camp fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces and clashes between ISIS fighters and Palestinian militants.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach.
The former Manchester United defender says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Evra left for Juventus on a free transfer last summer.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool.
Barton was commenting after West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead.
The Baggies meet again at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday.
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
The sex scene featured full nudity and strong sexual content.
KFC has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure that certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market.
He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent in 1990.
The venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire.
But he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Today, Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire.
His daily hand-out is a fraction of his estimated £40million worth.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across Britain.
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series.
He said: 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar'
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.
Wright was arrested on Saturday after the suspect's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.
When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after March 24 crash.
Woman allegedly falsely claimed to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins.
Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Airbus A320 went down in remote region of French Alps en route to Dusseldorf.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution.
The FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest.
Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife at a Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland on April 12.
Police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband hit her in the face with a kitchen knife and then fled.
He was last seen on surveillance footage at a
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999.
Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands.
Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
Woman accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals in Russia.
55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and two monkeys.
Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow.
Experts are trying to identify 'amazingly beautiful "kitten" with bright green eyes and stripes'
A man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.
He got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom.
Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor.
Plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along runway.
Crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop.
Passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety.
Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page.
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey.
Takei and a group called the Heart Mountain Wyoming Foundation helped stop the sale of items like these panels carved in the internment camps.
Bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
Residents in Bonita Springs, Florida, say fishermen are throwing bait into the water.
They are calling for fishing to be banned in the area.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley.
The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert.
It comes in 500ml pink or blue tubs and is blended with Madagascan Vanilla.
Neymar and Dani Alves headed to watch El Clasico on Thursday night.
Barcelona prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest.
Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair.
Harry Kane is nominated for two separate awards, the PFA Player of the Year and Young Player Of the Year.
Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Liverpool's Kolo Toure turned up together.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea appeared in a sombre mood.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house as part of Sky Living's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama, The Enfield Haunting.
The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.
As well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents, one of them throws his hands up in a surrender position, insisting: 'I didn't touch anything!'
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
Researchers in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension.
Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items.
It is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after idea was approved.
Owner of existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira is known for sensual oils.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson.
Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay.
Hudson was briefly married to Phyllis Gates from 1955 to 1958.
The actor would have other relationships with men over the course of his life, most notably Marc Christian.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria travelled to Portugal on Easter Sunday.
The Manchester United duo appeared in their 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Rojo and Di Maria sealed moves to Old Trafford during the summer transfer window.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma of Livonia.
Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane.
corsos while jogging.
He was'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes.
Lucaj, a native of Albania,
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday, 7.45pm)
Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood all ruled out.
Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young also ruled out for QPR.
QPR are without Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin.
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal.
The Brazilian defender is out of contract this summer.
Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn.
Benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her townhouse.
She has fallen out with her family over inheritance over the paint job.
Neighbours in Kensington say she is driving them'mad' and 'a child throwing a tantrum'
She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot who was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942.
Luis Figo does not believe all African nations will vote for Sepp Blatter.
The FIFA presidential candidate is in Egypt to canvass for votes.
Blatter seeks re-election on May 29 against Figo, Prince Ali bin Al Hussein and Michael van Praag.
Airbus will introduce an extra seat to each row of its Airbus A380 model.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed.
A fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed several collisions in a £1m 'crash for cash' scam.
He personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers.
The elaborate fraud allowed passengers on the bus, who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam, to falsely claim from insurers.
Smith was convicted yesterday at Manchester Crown Court of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud.
Nine other defendants, who police said played a major role in organising the collisions, were all found guilty of conspiracy
A cross-dressing robber is in custody after allegedly robbing a service station in Taylors Hill, northwest Melbourne.
The man, 23, was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery.
He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
Living near congested roads can increase risk of dementia.
Exposure to small, sooty particles alters structure of brain.
Microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage.
They are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in Britain.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the Premier League drop.
The Clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their survival battle.
Burnley travel to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat'
They doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
Pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers.
If convicted, Surkov and Surkaev face life in jail.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.
She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, Mr.
Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his son's life.
Roy Keane will stand trial in June after an alleged road-rage incident.
Keane, 43, is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar.
He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
A not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer.
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to his agent Beppe Bozzo.
The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer.
Morata started just three La Liga games for Real last season.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables.
Her son was a very fussy eater, so she had to think of ingenious ways to ensure he was getting a wholesome balanced diet whilst enjoying what he was eating.
She says that parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children and eventually they will see positive results.
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for cosmetic treatments.
Michael Pulman, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem.
Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast.
French customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine'
The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska.
He was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
The salmon migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner.
The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday.
Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty’s Lord Windermere and Spring Heeled.
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson.
The mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced.
Magellan, ‘new flagship’ of the Cruise & Maritime fleet, recently christened in Tilbury.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher, 47.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint.
She didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles.
Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.
The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says didn't get the recognition that she deserved.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three matches.
The Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion.
Gutierrez is desperate to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
Newcastle face Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin D supplements.
Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deformities.
The disease was virtually eradicated after the Second World War.
But is returning as more youngsters are used to staying indoors.
Professor Davies has previously spoken out about the advantages of giving free vitamins.
V. Stiviano, 32, has been ordered to pay his wife $2.6million.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought.
Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy her a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property.
Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated.
Marc and Shanon Parker have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles.
Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler and Ghostbusters Cadillac.
The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday.
When he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said.
Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history.
The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground.
It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid.
The £86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on Wednesday morning.
Broadway Allotment Association moved to new allotments in Oldham.
Old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for football pitches.
Gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean.
They are demanding that Oldham council pays out compensation for problems.
Michael Fyson, 77, has grown fruit and veg at old site for more than 10 years.
He and his wife Margaret, 78, live the Good Life as they are largely self-sufficient.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours.
Jenny stayed at the Villa Bianchi, a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both Treviso and Venice.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.
Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks.
Analysis showed spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men's clothing.
Low grocery and household bills has given family finances a boost.
Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after sex abuse allegations.
The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff.
Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree.
Blackburn said he never liked paedophile DJ Jimmy Savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade made stops in three New Hampshire towns on Monday.
Her first stop was a small-business roundtable in Keene, but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.
If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby', for the uninitiated – hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89.
Clinton and her traveling team stayed Monday night at the Centennial hotel, a Victoria property
Arnold Schwarzenegger says Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act is 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party.
The legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry, with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays.
Schwarzenegger says he believes the defining problem is that Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues, in a move that will only hurt the GOP.
Prime Minister warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest'
Do so could put the economic recovery at risk by allowing Labour back into power.
Mr Cameron has previously accused Nigel Farage supporters of being 'fruitcakes and loonies'
Hein Verbruggen has sent the Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling report to Swiss lawyers.
The UCI president has rejected a call from current president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
Verbuggen also claims the 2.8million euros cost of the CIRC report has effectively been wasted.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold, Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals.
He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots.
The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund.
The 47-year-old won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Klopp's departure as 'ridiculous'
Wenger is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011.
Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
The previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, NY on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack.
Siddiqui met Samir Khan, an American citizen, in 2006, and later had him publish one of her poems in an Al Qaeda magazine.
Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen.
Before that, he published several articles in Inspire, including a DIY bomb-making guide which the Boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives.
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make.
They share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skincare regime.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships.
The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household.
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to his two goals against Barcelona.
Luiz was left with his head in his hands after allowing Suarez a clean run at goal.
Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back'
Jamie Redknapp also admitted that Luiz can be a liability.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers.
Many are left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides.
Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer.
The ship has 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time.
On board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive.
There are 18 distinctive on board restaurants, ranging from traditional American to Jamie's Italian, a traditional pub and Japanese cuisine.
Madonna French Kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night.
The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with him.
Sources tell TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit.
The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April.
But as messenger drops ever closer to Mercury's surface, it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
Researchers have uncovered the mystery of Mercury's'stealth' colour scheme.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi.
The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
New England Patriots will host Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10.
ESPN will begin their season of Monday Night Football with a double-header.
Seattle Seahawks will visit the Green Bay Packers in week two.
Three games will be played at Wembley Stadium this season.
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running budget deficit.
State will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax.
Projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate annual deficit of £153billion under Labour.
David Cameron and George Osborne plan to run a surplus of £7billion in 2019-20.
Floyd Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight.
Mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call.
There was sympathy for Freddie Roach in his battle with Parkinson's disease.
The inscriptions were found in Naours, a two-hour drive north of Paris.
They were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare.
The site's proximity to the battlefields adds to the discovery's importance.
Experts say: 'It provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict'
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years.
The chart-topper's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm.
A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials said.
Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames.
Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour.
This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
Authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
Blackpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Reading at Bloomfield Road.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders a lead.
But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed.
Blackpool's promotion to the third tier was confirmed on Easter Monday.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner.
An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide.
Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year.
Last month, investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat, even though he advised Cantu to close the business
Extra Storage Space has been viewed 600,000 times.
It features new parents sharing their tips on how to cope with a new baby.
The video, which is based in the US, is called Extra Storage Space.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest.
He was rushed to Ocala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and was taken into surgery, but he later died from his injuries.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the shooting.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground has emerged.
She was carrying a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side.
Attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz died.
He was taken hostage after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
It is not known who fired the fatal shots.
Sidonie, a well known band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain.
The group composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants.
As they paraded up and down the aisle of the plane, some passengers even began to sing along with the lyrics.
The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing.
No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past.
Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates.
Legal adviser to Alison Saunders was in same chambers as son of Lord Janner.
CPS confirmed Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore.
Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences raised concerns.
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions'
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had the yellow fever vaccine in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast.
He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work - and even attempted suicide.
But Malcolm believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects.
Since its invention in 1951, more than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The striker's treble was his first in two years.
Villa are three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa.
Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday.
She had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family.
BBC claimed plate read H982 FKL was an 'unhappy coincidence'
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people'
She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Clarkson and his colleagues fled the South American country last year.
They were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate.
Producers removed the plate and replaced it with another.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear in Scottish Premiership.
Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved bear Tikko out into the world in January 2013.
He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place.
With the help and support of his mother Christine, Dorian, who was then nine years old, sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure.
Now, the bear has circled the globe and then some, continuing to share his vital message, while inviting the world to join in with his journey.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured paint stripper over van owned by friend's son.
He became angry with Martin Carter - son of Olive Carter, 96.
Townsend, of Epping, Essex, was arrested and charged with criminal damage.
Retired antiques restorer supported himself with Zimmer frame as he admitted charge.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm' submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories.
'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' (amazing) when the child was born.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais.
John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
Martinez's son - Winkler's stepson - started dating the toddler when she was six-months pregnant with Adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler.
A little over a month later, Adrian was dead.
Winkler and Martinez, who are now separated but remain friends, are working together to bring justice for the
Rangers dropped points against Livingston by drawing 1-1 with the Scottish Championship strugglers.
Stuart McCall's side are four points ahead of Hibernian in the play-offs.
But Hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game in hand with Mark Burchill's Livingston.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over.
He tweeted: ‘Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this’
It comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the Tories’ economic record.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex.
A woman, 47, has claimed Hansen 'grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums'
Hansen has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died after taking 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP)
She died this month after buying it online to slim down.
Drug contains toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives.
Some promise next-day delivery, while others offer free samples.
DNP has been linked to at least 62 deaths worldwide.
Chelsea are planning a victory parade around Stamford Bridge.
The Blues are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table.
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday.
The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations.
Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending.
The 13 Democratic and Republican U.S. senators said they'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition.
'Allowing Russia to host the World Cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the (Russian President Vladimir) Putin regime at a time when it should be condemned,' the senators wrote.
England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996.
Radamel Falcao has failed to score since January 31 against Leicester.
The Colombian has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League.
Falcao's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for Manchester United.
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL.
She was chosen to start in the league next year, Baltimore reporter Aaron Wilson posted on his Twitter account.
Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter told the LA Times.
The mother of three credits her success in sports to being raised with brothers.
The lion was captured by a visitor to the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands.
Keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.
The animal reaches into the barrel too far and suddenly gets its head stuck.
Reacting in panic the lion jumps backwards and attempts to flick the barrel from its head as the other lions chase after it.
Visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries to set itself free.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back.
The Southampton defender is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea.
Clyne has admitted he is eager to start his Champions League career.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, robbed Stanley Evans, 93, in Soho, central London.
He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping, but snatched his wallet.
Pensioner was left lying in the entrance for ten minutes after the attack.
Bygraves was jailed for 30 months at Southwark Crown Court today.
Judge said Mr Evans could have died in the attack and ordered him to serve 15 months.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house on Wednesday.
She was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.
The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
Woman, 63, won £14.5m London mansion from 90-year-old Saudi Arabian ex-husband.
The property, in north west London, has'superb views' over a London park.
Couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
But after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes.
Despite her husband's attempts to evict her from the home, and force the sale of the heavily-mortgaged property,
Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall.
They repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret.
The babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air.
And given it to play with later, they repeatedly dropped it on the floor.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships.
The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council.
It was taken because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity'
The 2007 World Championships held in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.
Two years on, the joey has convinced himself that he is a dog.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
He also has a collar, like many dogs, as a protective measure to ensure he can be found at nighttime.
ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market.
No women appear in any of the photos.
At a time of war when prices are soaring, unsurprisingly none of the items appear to have a price tag in the propaganda photos.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Their wife Valerie had written to British Prime Minister David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case.
She raised concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming.
The 27-year-old remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation.
For the time being at least, the Black Cats' position remains unchanged.
Johnson has been used as a substitute in the last three games.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.
He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above.
At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat, which turned out to be untrue.
The opening of The Championships has been postponed after wild weather left Randwick Racecourse unsafe to compete on.
Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am Saturday morning.
Under normal circumstances the Australian Turf Club would've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat.
Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel learned, the field was absolutely empty.
Officials opted to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise, Florida posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.
The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
Edinson Cavani scored twice in the French League Cup final against Bastia.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out a move for Cavani.
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday.
The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene.
Her family in Italy cannot afford to bring her body home to be buried.
They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in Spain.
Her teeth bore the remains of plant pollen, fungi and animals.
Researchers found microscopic fungal spores from bolete mushrooms and grilled fungi.
They also found her teeth bore little signs of decay, suggesting she ate few carbohydrates.
The study now provides the oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans.
North Sentinel Island is located in the Bay of Bengal in the Indian Ocean.
It is inhabited by a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation.
They are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video.
To protect the Sentinelese people - and visitors - the Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone.
Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, Dadon have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me'
The sisters are releasing a book titled #howtolive.
The girls are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs'
Chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank after hitting iceberg.
It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by crew of Mackay-Bennett.
Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back.
One was given by crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the vessel.
Owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item.
Ian Poulter is aiming to win the Masters for the first time this year.
The Englishman has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts.
Poulter admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind hubby Huang Funeng, 80, around with bamboo sticks.
Huang lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985.
The couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s.
They have been branded 'pictures of true love' by social media.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends.
The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label.
Savage took part in the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing and to his credit - performed admirably.
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals 12 years after final heartbreak.
Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty to condemn Juventus to defeat in the 2003 final.
The Bianconeri were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's match-fixing scandal.
Gianluigi Buffon said: 'I thought I'd have to wait less when I was at this stage 12 years ago, but seeing the journey was very difficult'
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release from prison.
He posted sex offender notifications around his apartment complex, but told parents he was convicted of sleeping with a preacher's daughter.
Police now say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park so that he could prey on their children.
Shepard is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children, both boys and girls.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence.
It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44.
Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire.
Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin.
The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney.
Sanders subsequently withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter being disbanded.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
The on-loan Manchester United striker has scored six goals in eight games.
Hernandez has now scored a goal every 83 minutes for Real.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by Al Qaeda in Mali in November 2011.
He was rescued by French special forces in the far north of the African country.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed.
But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene.
The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning.
She was found dead when police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on Saturday night.
Calvin was arrested and booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday.
This amount, thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN, makes him one of the highest paid television executives.
Zaslav received $144million in awards for his six-year contract.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday.
The Grizzlies defence shut down Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly.
San Antonio's Jeff Green scored 22 points and Marc Gasol added 19 to lead six Grizzlies players in double figures.
Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto.
Chicago's Pau Gasol had 26 points and 10 rebounds for his 50th double-double of the season, helping the Bulls beat Detroit 88-82.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants.
The university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
At present, the university uses unified mark scheme (UMS) scores calculated from students’ performance in their AS-levels.
Under coalition reforms planned to ‘toughen up’ the qualifications, AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September.
Deputy Prime Minister says he will fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
Sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election.
David Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo on Wednesday.
The PSG defender is out for at least four weeks after tearing a hamstring.
Luiz will miss both legs of their quarter-final tie against Barcelona.
More than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely.
In comparison, 43 per cent said they wished they had more friends.
Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on This Morning to discuss the issue.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago.
It is not known why the Red Lady was painted in this way, and the researchers are unsure whether her body or clothes were covered in the pigment.
But they have speculated it was likely a burial ritual.
Herself and her peers would have used stone tools, needles made from bones and projectile tips fashioned from the antlers of the deer and the cave would have been used for shelter and living quarters.
When the remains were first uncovered they
Yoshinori Muto has played for FC Tokyo since 2013.
The 22-year-old will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan.
Club president Naoki Ogane claims Chelsea have made a bid for Muto.
Muto admits it is an 'honour' to receive an offer from Chelsea.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people.
It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents.
Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
Manchester United have put forward an opening £21.5m bid for Mats Hummels.
The Germans value their captain at £35million.
Dortmund want to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain.
Hummels is under contract with Dortmund until 2017.
David Cameron and the Tories are predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote.
Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Lib Dems are expected to get 13.5 per cent, slightly ahead of UKIP.
More people trust the Conservatives to deal with the 'cost of living'
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark.
He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights.
One million men have chosen to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or retire gradually.
There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours, compared to 4.58million women.
It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week.
A warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts.
The 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last November.
He pleaded guilty to 33 offences in November last year.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department.
Clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest.
She is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind.
The 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill.
He had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none had taken him seriously.
The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14, the age of criminal responsibility in Spain.
Ander Herrera scored a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday.
The Manchester United midfielder appears to have his eyes closed.
Herrera has scored six of his seven goals without looking at the ball.
Louis van Gaal heaped praise on the 25-year-old's shooting ability.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences.
The robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator.
This removes safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation.
It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
Amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, thought to be in Pakistan but charged with manslaughter.
Dr Errol Cornish, 67, and Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust also charged.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to second son Giacomo.
She and husband Tom, 35, had decided on birth by planned caesarean.
But she suffered massive bleeding and died soon afterwards on October 9, 2012.
Inquest was halted in February last year so evidence could be referred to prosecutors.
Ed Miliband read from motivational notes during leaders' televised debate.
His cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive'
Records give insight into his mindset before he took to the rostrum.
Labour leader urges himself to'stay calm, never agitated' and'relish the chance to show who I am'
Joyce Kuhl, a grandmother from South Carolina, claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving the marine animals 'essentially roasting'
She claims that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries.
This is the second lawsuit against SeaWorld in less than one month.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, was suspended without pay pending an investigation.
She controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison.
The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system.
Lance Futch, 26, was shocked on Friday when his meeting with a Federal White House official about jobs for veterans turned out to be with President Obama.
Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch,congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker.
'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman.
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute.
The result leaves Watford top of the Championship with two games of the season remaining.
Watford missed a great chance to double their lead a couple of minutes later.
Beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans.
There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers.
They are most often identified by their songs, which they use to navigate.
The mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula.
Experts are sure the noise isn’t made by Arnoux's beaked whales or Cuvier’s.
Beaked whale performs the deepest dives made by any mammal on the planet at 9,816ft
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow.
The infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own.
Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116.
It was spotted on April 19 last year, and researchers used camera footage to recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.
This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Computer model compared the orbit of Annama, a 1,100lb (500kg) rock, with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-Earth asteroids.
Ellie Harrison, 37, has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood'
But the mother-of-two said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
She said that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you'
Anais Zanotti, 30, from St Tropez, France, has skydived more than 1,350 times.
The pro-skydiver now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes.
She also models bikinis for magazines like GQ and Playboy.
Andrew Odell tweeted Aldi a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white loaf of bread.
It is believed he had been to the store in Milton Keynes but said it was the last time he would.
Aldi said it had contacted Mr Odell and was investigating the grim discovery 'as a matter of urgency'
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Sun spots range hugely in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream.
Tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
Ms Le Pen's party regularly wins up to 25 per cent of the popular vote at local and regional elections.
Danny Ings is a top target for Manchester United this summer.
Louis van Gaal wants the 22-year-old to form a central part of his rebuilding.
Ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the Premier League.
Van Gaal is also interested in PSV forward Memphis Depay.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.
Cantona claimed earlier this month that Pastore is ‘the best player in the world’
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their last-eight Champions League tie on Tuesday.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with daughter Olivia.
She was struck as they tried to cross The Kingsway in Swansea, South Wales.
Onlookers say pair were inches from bus but she managed to push daughter to safety.
Mother-of-three was rushed to Morriston hospital but later died.
Police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral today.
Her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children.
Also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.
The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
Her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
'Kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate the virus by stimulating the immune system with a vaccine.
Scientists believe the injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick'
The theory is based on a single patient case study.
It looked at a single 59-year-old man in London who was an 'elite controller'
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion.
But when the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar.
The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Remmie appears on TLC reality series, Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end.
The Spaniard left McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year.
Alonso says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year.
It comes after the head of Ofsted warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson go out in the penultimate group on Friday.
The world No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71.
McIlroy finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth.
The 44-year-old TV star was looking morose as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday.
On her show Live With Kelly & Michael, the host told Michael Strahan that she will miss the doctor who had worked on the morning program.
The former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans.
Comfortable short beige boots and aviators completed her look.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016.
Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - 'Fit for the Future'
This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming.
The FA continue to micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures.
The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple.
Lydia is a full time blogger, she often shares pictures of her stylish outfits.
Ali is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition – a range of sports nutrition products.
Carlo Ancelotti will remain in charge of Real Madrid next season.
The former Chelsea boss has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday.
Juventus play Lazio tonight, and Massimiliano Allegri believes now is the time 'to finish the Scudetto issue'
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah.
He raised allegations with the authorities in his native Uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners; some as young as 15.
Kipsiro told Sportsmail this week of the day five female runners came to him for help; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received.
The 28-year-old says he will have to leave Uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Skateboarding is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding.
40 per cent of Skateistan's students are female; the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
She would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into Sydney CBD.
The Dee Why financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless.
Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in Manchester.
He and a colleague got into difficulties battling the fire started on July 13, 2013.
The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.
She was initially charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze as frightened passers-by watched on.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
The Atletico Madrid striker had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Diego Costa delivers.
Mandzuka's tattoo on his lower back was on show, and it read: 'What doesn't kill you makes you stronger'
The Croatian striker's ink – written in Hebrew – is backwards AND has grammatical mistakes so makes no sense!
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed their biggest CV peeves.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.
Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and contact details.
Hot Dudes With Dogs was started by Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound.
She relies on submissions via direct messages and has 148,000 followers.
The account's tagline is: 'These dudes with dogs will make you drool more than man's best friend'
Brits spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe.
One third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit.
Almost a fifth would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same thing online.
Men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender, spending an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, is home to more than 200 sets of twins.
Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
He said he went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies, only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies.
Now the town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR.
The 19-year-old saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010.
Grealish is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia just a day before he lost his battle with the illness.
The married father of two and grandfather of two was universally remembered as a deeply caring, wise man who was committed to his students and players.
Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire.
He described the attack by a female passenger to 'being stung by bees... owww!'
The woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of Chicago.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff.
The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year.
But his complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified.
Professional golfer Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines.
He was en route to the Master's golf tournament in Georgia this week.
But his golf clubs did not arrive and he had to return them six hours later.
Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams have also complained.
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and custom staff lunch room.
Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice.
'We're the Google of Australia and that's how we see ourselves,' General Manager of products Joost Poulus said.
During lunch or breaks, staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to mingle with other colleagues
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
The burger contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers.
National Counterterrorism Center is expected to recommend radical shift in US hostage policy.
The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
Meanwhile, the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices.
His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin.
The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter.
Harry is due to leave the British military in June after 10 years' service.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts must build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.
The Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines and is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'
This helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile.
The 29-year-old woman was chased by police through the Pattaya region.
Police shot out three wheels of her car after she refused to open the door.
The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her.
She was given a 'hefty' traffic fine and ordered to pay for damages.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a United supporter.
United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place.
Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the Etihad.
Princess Salwa Aga Khan has given birth to her first child.
The baby, a boy named Prince Irfan, was born in Geneva last Saturday.
She has been known as Princess Salwa since her marriage to Prince Rahim.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Rosberg was visibly angry after the Mercedes pit-wall brains put him under unnecessary 'pressure'
In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make.
A new pop-up shop in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap.
Female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full.
The shop is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes.
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts, was defaced with black and green paint.
The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night.
Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother in 1892.
She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Finn has proved more competitive in the first three races of the season.
Raikkonen is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct, making a riot and possession of a controlled substance.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo Open.
The world No 1 became the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events.
Djokovic was on court for almost three hours as he overcame the Czech.
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre in Bremen, Germany, describe the EOssc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities'
The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself.
The car's computer and its auto-navigation system enables it to park itself, 'even within narrow and congested roads'
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Russian side Zenit St Petersburg.
The 33-year-old will be released along with Ukraine midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk.
Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair.
Arshavin spent four years at Arsenal between 2009 and 2013.
As part of the recent moves around comet 67P, Rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface on Saturday.
Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right.
The view also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface.
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0.
Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another after coming on in the 61st minute as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer on Sunday.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad on Monday night.
Eliaquim Mangala never made it off the bench for Wilfried Zaha.
Glenn Murray scored Palace's first goal four years ago.
Yaya Toure got his team back in the game with 12 minutes left.
Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the TV debate.
She has been a member of the Scottish Cabinet and Deputy First Minister since 2007.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive.
'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple.
But after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.
He's also funded by his church, where the head Buddhist Priest Fukumitsu funds his costume and bike.
The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
University is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
The student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman, and that they frequently engaged in sadomasochistic role playing.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom.
The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke.
He told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway.
Marcus stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and he was rescued along with his sister.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Adelaide Strikers.
The 39-year-old will combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire.
Gillespie played for South Australia during the entirety of his playing career.
Labour leader's 'Stalinist' plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors.
Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'
Mr Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land.
Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
The site was devastated by a huge nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986.
Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years.
Despite this, the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
She says the most scared she's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned,
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug.
Rother District Council spokesperson said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug'
Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff, and has vowed to steam clean the hotel.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history.
She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015.
Captain Rahmani and her family have received death threats from the Taliban and even members of her own extended family.
But she says she remains determined to continue her career in the Afghan Air Force and work as frequently as her security situation permits.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United.
John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao.
The challenge sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground.
Sky Sports punditry team were convinced there had been a foul.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning.
He was last seen at Monta Vista High School, where he spent 80 hours.
Police and volunteers had searched frantically for the hardworking track athlete.
They learned that he had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus.
Sullivan said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit nine years ago.
Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance.
Smith insists that was not the case.
Mesut Ozil was at his brilliant best against Liverpool on Saturday.
The German set up seven goals in his last eight league games.
Ozil sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Tyne-Wear derby on Saturday afternoon.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials.
The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Glen Walford, 75, has been embroiled in legal battle with Worcestershire County Council.
Her mother Mary, now 100, was admitted into care home in 2006.
Council agreed house in Stourport-on-Severn should not be taken into account.
But in 2013 they reversed decision and said she would need to contribute.
Court of Appeal ruled in favour of council in January after two years of legal battle.
Now council has right to force her to use equity for care home fees.
Solicitors warn case could pave way for relatives across UK to be liable.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund.
The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk.
Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder Odin Lloyd.
Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye.
The murder weapon in the case has not been recovered, but prosecutors have said it was a black Glock pistol.
Tom McTevia, 42, was left without the use of his legs following another ATV accident 11 years ago.
He was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday.
When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over.
A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge.
McT
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Bollaert was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt.
Four young sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night.
The story was that the girls had been taken from their abusive father back in Italy to hide out in Australia.
Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad.
Emily and Claire Vincenti are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5.
They left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services.
The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Real Madrid are desperate to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea.
But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate.
De Gea has been in fantastic form this season, while Iker Casillas has long been seen as unreliable.
Real are also looking at the possibility of picking up Chelsea's Petr Cech.
Lionel Messi's injury dominates in Sport, while in Italy there is more news on Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
Megan Huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing six newborns.
She strangled them, then stashed their bodies in the garage of her home.
Huntsman, a meth addict, told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them.
Her estranged husband found the bodies while cleaning out the garage in April last year.
Maickel Melamed, 39, crossed the Boston Marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold.
Melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning.
The Venezuelan athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24.
But his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month.
They were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.
Thanks to Shannon Mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years, that dream could soon be a reality.
During their search they were put in touch with Shannon Mann who has a two-year-old son, Lucas.
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes.
Forest manager Dougie Freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan.
Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons, and Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for him.
Hull City are fourth-bottom of the Premier League.
Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries slashed.
Hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the Premier league.
Bruce hopes Mo Diame will recover from a knee injury against Crystal Palace.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
Ricky Hatton believes Mayweather will 'find a way to win'
Hatton also says having trainer Freddie Roach in his corner gives PacMan a huge advantage.
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss.
The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it.
In the note, the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret'
Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked'
Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and was rushed to a University of Maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
She says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner.
Roldan describes Castro as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic.
Castro kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Cleveland home in 2002.
A few months after breaking up, he kidnapped his third victim Gina DeJuses.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor.
In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence.
Court documents detail how Altice began flirting with the student, then 16, and other boys in her class.
She allegedly had sex with the third student while she was out on bail for charges relating to the first two students.
One of her alleged victims has previously testified that the charges against Altice
Julie McKenzie, 53, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.
But she felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active.
She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan.
The radiographer spotted that Julie's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged and contained a tumour.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches.
The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe.
Listeria generally only affects the elderly, people with compromised immune systems, pregnant women and their newborn infants.
Celtic could win the Scottish Premiership title against Aberdeen on May 10.
The Parkhead side face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Win their subsequent games – with Aberdeen doing likewise – could see Ronny Deila’s team win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure.
Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
Living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness, particularly obesity.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their eight-year-old son Grayden last night at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia.
Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
At this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting.
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football.
Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England.
Four of his young Tottenham players — Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker — all played for England.
Leo Bernal, 8, was released from the hospital Friday, five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in Culver City, California.
Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
His head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000.
On one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital, 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment.
Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection; testing the level of lactate; giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection.
The College is now calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals that are failing to tackle the problem.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt.
Cole posted an image of himself alongside four of his former colleagues and their respective partners at a restaurant table.
Giggs appeared to be in buoyant mood as he posed for a picture shortly after witnessing his side fall to a frustrating loss at the hands of the Barclays Premier League leaders.
Chelsea playmaker Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to put the Blues 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14.
The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
It was not revealed in the report which of the men was a fan of the iPhone or the Android.
Adam Federici allowed Alexis Sanchez's shot to slip through his hands.
Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for the Reading stopper.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral says many youngsters fail to string sentence together.
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber.
Labour rival Theo Blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors.
Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted the proceedings to tell him off.
Mr Bucknell claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car.
It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights'
It was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week.
The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round.
Using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored the goals.
Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire.
Gary Neville has slammed United's performance as 'toothless'
Christopher Furniss-Roe was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the row.
His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day.
Coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for'sympathy and forgiveness'
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer.
The couple settled on a venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row.
Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
Mr Haigh died weeks after the ceremony in November last year.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa,.
is roughly 3.7 million years old.
The study found Little Foot lived at roughly the same time as.
Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous.
fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
Researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent.
The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses.
But after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.
Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month.
Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order at Liverpool.
The England international has played just 12 league games this season.
Brendan Rodgers is keen on signing Burnley striker Danny Ings and PSV's Memphis Depay.
Belgium striker Divock Origi will return to Liverpool in the summer.
Mats Hummels has been on Manchester United's list of targets.
Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending his stay.
Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs on Wednesday.
Team Sky team-mate Elia Viviani hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground.
Katusha's Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
Romelu Lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals.
The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland.
Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan.
She was admitted with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia.
Medics ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation.
But ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer.
A Macmillan nurse allegedly told the family she probably had less than three months to live.
Detectives investigating Hatton Garden gem heist missed most crucial CCTV.
'crystal clear' footage was handed into Metropolitan Police by worker.
Worker had reportedly contacted 101 on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid.
But even though police raced to obtain CCTV once report was made, the force has refused to make the images public.
Comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday - four days before the raid was discovered.
Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to win the title.
Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the Champions League.
Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four.
If Villa claim victory at Wembley then only two Europa League places will be available to fifth and sixth place.
Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition.
They take their inspiration from the iconic Russian eggs created by jeweller Peter Carl Faberge.
Samantha Cameron visited The Growing Zone allotment project.
It is a community project for children and adults with special needs.
She was persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand.
Mrs Cameron said the best thing about campaigning was 'getting out and about'
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend.
Alexis Sanchez puts Arsenal 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates.
Bobby Zamora scores QPR's third goal against West Brom.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle United on Sunday.
Charlie Adam scored an audacious long-range effort against Chelsea.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites.
She published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane.
Gabriel says her choc bars satisfy her, even though she grew up on Nutella and Milo.
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis which flipped.
Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit.
He had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Miss Doyle suffered a 'blunt head injury' and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on one they like.
Men are happy only on their fourth try, survey finds.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.
Looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Ginneti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra.
In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence.
But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
Tia Sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered before her body was hidden in the loft in 2013.
The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon south London - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties.
In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map.
Poppy Smart, 23, was whistled at by builders on her walk to work.
But after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site she decided to call the police.
The marketing co-ordinator recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function.
She also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday.
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Whales, in general, are at risk in the waters where they live.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona.
Phelps was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
The April 15-18 meet has attracted some of the top U.S. swimmers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Fabian Delph scored the winning goal to book his side's place in the final.
Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in next month's showpiece.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence.
The 44-year-old has denied her sister's claims she used to shave heads off dolls.
Her sister Gillian Owens said the politician was prone to hacking the hair of from dolls as a child.
Twitter users were quick to join in on the joke, sharing photographs of beheaded dolls on Saturday afternoon.
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis.
The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge.
Manuel Pellegrini is looking to build for the future by snapping up hot property.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged in connection to three separate DUI crashes in Houston that killed 6-year-old Josh Medrano, injured his mother and led to the death of a homeless man.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers.
The 30-year-old has been dating golf's former No 1 since 2013.
Vonn was on the show to talk about her Lindsey Vonn Foundation.
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people.
This left them vulnerable when companies start'shedding' jobs.
A third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification.
The Duke of York made his first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out.
He was visiting the offices of AkzoNobel, a paint firm based in Slough.
The 55-year-old has always denied the lurid accusations made by Virginia Roberts.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits.
Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child.
The new 'no jab, no pay' laws come into force from January 1, 2016.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his 47-year-old wife Amanda eight times.
He discovered she had been having an affair with a postman.
She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail asking her to 'get my things together' before for his trial.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 on Saturday at The Hawthorns.
Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals to seal victory.
Nigel Pearson believes Premier League survival is still in his side's hands.
Leicester have a game in hand over their survival rivals.
Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield.
But the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of Romero's ownership rights.
Argentine wonderkid has been compared to Lionel Messi.
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
Experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
The temperature has been measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia.
The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics.
She welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year.
Zara has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.
She admitted disposing of her boyfriend's shoes, thinking he had worn them to commit a burglary.
Justin Robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder.
Benjamin Carr also received a life sentence for paying the killer to murder Mrs Davis.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on Spanish coast.
They were arrested as part of Operation Captura, a drive launched in 2006.
McDonald is wanted on suspicion of conspiracies to import and supply heroin.
He is believed to be a member of a Europe-wide organised crime network.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up.
When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes.
She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders.
Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial.
Two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them.
They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset.
Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up.
He took the matter to council planners and was caught on a covert camera.
But on Friday the case against Mr Phillips was dismissed, although a three-year restraining order was imposed on him.
Cremated human bones found at side of historic River Walbrook, in London.
Experts questioned whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony.
20 skulls were found buried in clusters in sediment of historic tributary in 2013.
It had been thought they had got there after being eroded out of Roman cemetery.
But new evidence suggests otherwise and suggests otherwise.
London Crossrail confirmed team is working up a number of theories.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg.
Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound.
Forward Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.
Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time leveler saving the Italian team from a third straight defeat in all competitions.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden.
The group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.
Antti is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar.
The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.
He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine'
Russell shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge.
'No expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine,' says Russell.
Airline Codes features 438 airports from 94 countries.
The codes are known as IATA location identifiers.
They are set by the International Air Transport Association (IATA)
The triple characters are displayed on luggage tags at airport check-in desks.
Chernobyl nuclear explosion site and nearby ghost town of Pripyat, Ukraine, have seen an increase in tourist interest.
Visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the zone.
However, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels.
Despite the ban on all non-essential workers from living in the zone, wildlife in the area - including foxes - has been thriving.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday.
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring for the Bundesliga leaders.
Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time.
Bayern opened a 13-point lead over second-placed VfL Wolfsburg.
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight.
Built between 1867 and 1880, it was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy.
It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site, before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations.
The fort has two helipad zones, as well as offering roof top BBQ facilities for an ocean-facing meal.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon.
The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
Three of the fighters were grappling, while a fourth came in and slapped them.
No arrests were made, according to NBC Philadelphia.
Prime Minister used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to Cornwall.
It happened as he toured Pirate FM during a visit to lay out Conservative plans.
Mr Cameron was presented with a Cornish t-shirt emblazoned 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
He arrived in Penzance yesterday morning after eight hours on the train.
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine, revealed that she often spent nights with 'one of her friends'
Hailey has been friends with Kendall Jenner since she was starting out; both models have famous last names.
The model currently boasts more than 1.3 million Instagram followers, has walked in numerous Fashion Week shows all over the globe, and was recently named as the new face of Topshop Denim.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham in 1995.
He said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed the decision was correct.
Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row.
Jannik Andersen, 23, was hit by train in Indio, California, on Saturday.
He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on Monday.
It remains unclear why Andersen was on train tracks instead of at festival.
On Monday, friends paid tribute to student, who was a non-degree seeking Continuing Education student from San Diego.
They described him as a 'genuine' and always 'happy' man, who had 'wildest and strangest taste in music'
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City.
The Arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off.
Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban.
He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped.
His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
The man, who has not been named, fell onto tracks in Washington, D.C., Tuesday afternoon.
He was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him.
The incident comes just under a week after a man was rescued after falling onto subway tracks in Philadelphia.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island.
The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace their movements.
Corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22.
Mummies were found in the crypt of a church in Vác, Hungary, in the 18th century.
They were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis.
Researchers found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source.
Experts believe marine animals brought the disease to South America where it spread - long before Christopher Columbus arrived in 1492.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style'
They had been celebrating a football game in their garage on Wednesday.
But moments before midnight, they were both shot dead at close range.
They were found by David's wife, Nicholas's mother, who had been in a bedroom.
Police believe it was a botched burglary, as suspects were linked to car break-ins.
Dexter Allen, 17, and Haraqyon Degruy, 18, have been charged with the killings.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
It first became the capital of Myanmar a decade ago, after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon.
The super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs.
Official records state the population is just over 924,000, though any photographs taken would beg to differ.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at the Etihad on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored his 19th Premier League goal of the season.
Manuel Pellegrini's future as City boss is in doubt.
City are reportedly targeting Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Jimmy Anderson will make his 100th Test on Monday in Antigua.
The Lancastrian takes just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham.
Anderson says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible.
Addison Russell, 21, was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning.
He swung at a first-pitch fastball and accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers.
The bat went flying and it ended up striking a fan who was sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face.
Russell said the bat 'just slipped' from his hand.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half.
Marius Zaliukas doubled Rangers' lead with a clever back-header.
Stuart McCall's side moved one point clear of Hibs in second place.
Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion, riding aboard Air Force One with the president during his visit to the Florida Everglades.
Nye held court with press before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to White House reporters.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president.
On the road trip from Joint Base
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter Taliya Richardson.
Tiya was found unresponsive at home in Ocala, Florida, last Thursday.
Evans initially told police she had left her two children, ages 9 and 3 months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman's boyfriend.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found.
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013.
The review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report.
It exposed widespread failures of the council, police and social services in tackling child sexual exploitation.
Ali Williams scored a late try for Toulon to put victory beyond doubt.
Wasps are the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe’s premier event.
Toulon are back-to-back continental champions, awash with Test talent.
Paul Bakewell, 35, from Walsall, West Mids, secretly designed poster.
He then had emblazoned on 20ft-tall advertising hoarding and covered over.
Dad-of-one arranged for partner Tara Barber, 32, to be driven past billboard.
Hairdresser was left speechless when car stopped at 30ft-wide poster.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank.
He films his unsuspecting friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat.
The plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass.
A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool.
Fellaini is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend.
Robin van Persie is unlikely to regain his starting place despite playing for the Under 21s against Leicester earlier in the week.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks.
He raps 'We want your blood' in slick three-minute video.
Comes as British police have raised security levels ahead of WWI.
Anzac Day honours Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in war.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores, Washington, beach on Thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family.
Reece and his family were able to get out of the car, but the grandmother and child were stuck in the car because the wet sand surrounding them was keeping the doors shut.
Seconds later, a wave hit the car and flipped it and pulled it out to sea.
The car was recovered shortly after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it on its right side before it was towed to the
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are on sale on Thursday.
The fight was always going to take place at the Grand Garden Arena.
There were rumours that the fight might be in jeopardy.
But it was settled at a meeting between Arum, Mayweather’s advisor Al Haymon and CBS television mogul Les Moonves.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory.
Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' dismay.
Christian Benteke scored the winning goal for Villa.
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring against Marseille.
The Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
Luiz will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.
Keir Starmer was in charge of Operation Elveden for five years.
He pushed use of 13th century law to go after journalists.
Juries have almost universally refused to convict.
Starmer is likely to add MP to his lengthy list of titles.
Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week.
It was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during Blitz.
Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners on Easter Monday to close for 'inventory'
But returned two days later to find pub was no longer standing.
Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers.
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981.
Mrs Brady first got involved in gun control advocacy in 1986 after seeing her six-year-old son playing with a loaded hand gun that had been left in a car.
The Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, named after the couple and passed in 1993, has blocked an estimated two million prohibited gun purchases in the United States.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon.
Despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
Baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season.
Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor.
Villa take on Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner.
Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
Insects are seen as a solution to meet the demands of food supply.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has slammed post season tours as a nightmare.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season.
Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes.
Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the US this summer.
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled in face by pet dog.
Alaskan Malamute crossed with Siberian Huskey at home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire.
Family heard screams and ran to find dog 'gripping' toddler by head.
Dog was taken to nearby vet and family gave permission for pet to be destroyed.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, had to be rescued from River Cam, Cambridge, after almost drowning.
She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out.
Today, parts of Scotland and Northumberland basked in temperatures of 18C, while the mercury also hovered around 17C in parts of Devon and Cornwall.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.
One of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***'
The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
Kemp and former NRL player Mark Geyer will appear on Insight on SBS on Tuesday from 8.30pm.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage.
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's Darling Point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl.
Some of the works include Rita of the Seventies and Gloria by Norman Lindsay, Tree of Life by John Coburn, Adieu Australia by Garry Shead, Victoria and Moonlight by Charles Blackman among others.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world.
The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering.
Wenger is informed that the story was an April fools' joke and no basis of truth to it.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work.
He has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings.
Mr Body Art says he has been forced to go it alone and is now planning to set up his own business.
Dalny Vostok trawler sank in Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.
63 crew members rescued with sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit)
A further 15 are still missing.
The ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week.
Traffic authorities in eastern China said they were shocked when spotting this scene on CCTV footage.
The silver minivan is estimated to weight around one ton.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions.
Winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days.
The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
Residents in Victoria and Queensland are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years.
Jennie Anne Kehlet was last seen on March 22 in Table Top, Western Australia.
The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone.
Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
It is unclear how many more mines will need to be searched or how well provisioned the missing couple are.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday.
He was sentenced to two life terms in prison for the murder of his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, in October last year.
Santana killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall.
Fazio's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down.
Harry Kane is nearing the 30-goal mark after an outstanding season.
Mauricio Pochettino has compared Kane to Gabriel Batistuta.
Kane scored on his full international debut against Lithuania.
England boss Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for Under 21s.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday.
The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County.
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
The 56-page document was written in 1942 at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire.
It details work on foundations of mathematical notation and computer science.
Turing wrote the notes at the code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
Book sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a Fine Books & Manuscripts Sale.
Benedict Cumberbatch, who played Turing in The Imitation Game, said: 'The thought of holding a manuscript by him is thrilling'
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week.
A warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts.
On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30am.
New satellite images reveal China has built airstrip on disputed territory.
Fiery Cross Reef was virtually untouched by man-made structures in March 2014.
But by March this year, it had been transformed into artificial island.
China's actions in the South China Sea have been described as 'aggressive'
U.S. President Barack Obama has accused China of using its military might to reclaim the contested territory.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire.
She returned to find it looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof.
Police have launched an investigation to determine what caused the blast, but are not treating it as suspicious.
Johnny Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep off the coast of Western Australia.
The 29-year-old commercial diver was enveloped by the 150 kilogram ray.
Mr Debnam says he felt completely at ease with the stingray, although he was aware of the risks.
'I blew all my air out and was totally calm and at his level,' he said.
Mick Schumacher will compete in the Formula 4 category this weekend.
He will follow in the footsteps of his father, Michael, who won 91 races.
Schumacher Jnr is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Anfield on Saturday.
Allen has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth.
The midfielder admits the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house.
Each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts.
His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs.
At least 16 of his children have been taken off him and their mothers by social services.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013.
Even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'
The request was denied for an unknown reason.
The oversight is just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency.
Fabricio Coloccini has been Newcastle captain since 2011.
John Carver is set to strip him of the captaincy this summer.
Carver will give the armband to Daryl Janmaat should he remain at the club.
Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month’s 3-0 defeat at Everton.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld — or ‘Daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet.
She has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram.
Lagerfeld admits to being in love with his feline muse.
Bath Abbey could be linked to the city's Roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs.
The idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring.
Architects plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground.
They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011.
He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping.
But CCTV showed that nobody had approached him and he was sectioned.
Inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours and wet himself after being denied access to a toilet, it was claimed today.
Mr Burrell died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QE)
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup.
The 34-year-old was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team.
Hingis has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's Olympics.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada.
She switches on an electric organ with her nose and sits down to play tunes.
Instead of classical music, Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece.
After a 20-second rendition, she decides she's had enough for one day.
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery for Autograph.
The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video.
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit and Captain America's shield.
This is said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies.
In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character.
So instead, he creates a new element - and this is not entirely dissimilar to the experiments taking place at real-life accelerators such as Cern.
The main skeleton of Raytheon’s exoskeleton is made from high
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared.
Authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal.
United are in third place in the Premier League table.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata have all improved.
Avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of climbers.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
The identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury.
The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer.
Tuilagi's last appearance in an England shirt was during the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
Since Audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells, her parents told the Mirror, she has faced a host of health issues in her short life.
But the condition doesn't stop Audrey from dancing, which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars’ Uptown Funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on her Facebook page.
The recording of her complete performance has already reached 2.8 million views since it was
Cristiano Ronaldo puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick.
Javier Hernandez doubled Madrid's lead in the 31st minute with a header.
Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free kick in over a year.
Manchester United loanee Javier Hernandez scored a second in the second half.
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling over a new contract at Southampton.
The England right-back is yet to agree fresh terms.
Saints are in talks with the defender's representatives over an extension.
Clyne has attracted interest from several top clubs including Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Geldeston, Norfolk.
They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.
But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour's farmland.
Lisa reveals how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook, over her dogs trespassing on his property.
It began with their first dog - a Labrador called Ruby - who the family got shortly after moving into their new home.
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul.
The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
Last week South Korean prosecutors formally charged him with attempted murder.
Franco di Santo is playing for Werder Bremen this season.
The Argentine has scored 13 goals in 22 games for the Bundesliga side.
Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo from his time at Chelsea.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass.
By comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster.
Ephedra foeminea is the only known plant species to follow the lunar cycle.
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects.
They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
When they went to study the plants in Macedonia, Greece and Dalmatia in Croatia in 2013, they were baffled as to why the orbs were not there, but noticed that there
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award for March.
The 20-year-old scored three goals for Leicester City in March, including a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty.
Sportsmail held an exclusive Q&A with the striker after he found out about the accolade.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle on Friday night.
Her sandals remain in the footwell of her car, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood.
Friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan.
The gunmen shot both Mahmud and her mother, Mehnaz Mahmud, as they stopped at a traffic light.
Ryan Bertrand poses with his daughter and their matching Ferraris on Instagram.
The Southampton left back has made 26 Premier League appearances this season.
Bertrand has also forced his way back into the England squad.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday.
The 21-year-old striker has scored 17 Championship goals this season.
Bamford hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate’s England Under 21 squad for the European Championships in the Czech Republic.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California.
Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful.
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
YouTube star Cassey Ho, 28, has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video.
The slim and toned blogger says that the negativity in the comments section of her YouTube channel has become especially nasty lately.
In the video, Cassey picks at her body, honing in on places that commenters say she could improve upon.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013.
They had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark.
Mr Roark was invited to serve as the couple's 'padrino de anillo' or 'godfather of the ring' for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bjorn Ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance, set to open in January 2016.
The venue is situated near the ABBA-museum in Stockholm.
It is a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
This is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today.
The prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam.
14million working households given average boost of £200 a year to their incomes.
Prime Minister will set out Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money.
He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on 'bureaucracy' and 'crackpot Government schemes'
Sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone.
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his players.
The Black Cats were beaten 4-1 by Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it.
A nurse was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy.
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil banners.
Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site.
They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled.
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis'
The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s 3-2 victory over Germany.
The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.
Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
The 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of The Rocks.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago.
'Investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid.
It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up cash.
The delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers' Alliance.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani.
He has complained about jihadis who leave their posts then boasting on social media about their bravery.
Hussain has cautioned'sisters' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among ISIS fighters.
James Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in Clacton.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am.
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the man, named locally as 'Pongo'
Police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
Mr Gregorie's son Nathan led tributes to his late father on his Facebook page.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas scored a vital winner in the 88th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family's South African home in January.
The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and older brother Rudi, 22.
Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town.
An audio recording of the emergency phone call made by Henri seems to reveal him 'giggling' as he explains the details of the bloody massacre.
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family.
She said she was safe after 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday.
But she said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness.
Holden said there was a possibility her sister had been airlifted from mountain.
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates.
A suitor, played by Sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
Each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in Riverdale.
They are encouraged to take part to say good morning, use memory-triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed.
Tory Cabinet minister Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts were 'wrongly named'
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna said the comments showed the minister was 'out of touch'
Michael Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at Arena Pro Swim Series.
The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming.
Phelps will miss this summer's World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Dustin Johnson is the favourite to win the 79th Masters at Augusta.
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu.
Paul Casey is the most likely to join Rory and get into contention.
Jason Day has a great chance to become another Australian winner.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit.
The robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
Nabil Bentaleb's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
Tottenham want to improve his contract as a reward for his excellent progress.
Clubs from across Europe are monitoring the situation.
England take on St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI in Basseterre.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display.
Stuart Broad and Ben Stokes take three wickets in five balls.
Woman was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block.
Police had failed to convince the woman to climb back into a nearby apartment.
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm.
He held on to her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away.
She was then pushed back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen.
Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for Carlisle fixture.
Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry.
Carlisle boss Keith Curle has been to fancy dress parties when white people have dressed up.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year.
The hackers reportedly accessed President Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive information.
In October 2014, the White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office.
A six-month investigation into the breach, described as one of the most sophisticated attacks against the US, reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin's government.
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman.
Until his indictment Wednesday, Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room.
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending.
The letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs.
County officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
Schock attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle, including many selfies with celebrities such as Ariana Grande.
ISIS supporters 'declare a caliphate' in Yemen through bizarre video.
The video shows some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms.
They carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand.
ISIS-related group began to emerge late last year.
It is believed their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Last month, ISIS claimed responsibility for a series of suicide bomb attacks.
Taxpayers footed £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate.
In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes.
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters.
Environment Agency says it has a legal duty to protect voles as an endangered species.
Color Genomics is currently available in 45 states and is hoping to comply with regulations required in New York, Maryland, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania and Florida.
The test has received mixed responses with some saying it might not be useful, and could even be harmful.
To get hold of the test, a physician will need to order it online, with the patient receiving a kit at home.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff in the Carling Cup three years ago.
The need for trophies has been a dominant theme since Rodgers took over at Liverpool.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year.
The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach.
Rosannah's aunt Jessica Searle is seeking treatment for her niece in the United States.
Her family is hopeful that a solution will be found to buy some more time for the 'fun-loving' little girl.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg marched out in almost identical uniforms.
They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline.
The only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London.
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around.
She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
Lair is set to have her seventh child in August - currently there is no word on possible names.
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma last year.
She needs to raise $100,000 to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment.
The mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy.
Her oncologist, Professor David Thomas, said he believes the treatment might work for her, and others in a similar situation.
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday.
Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
Kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn massacre where 148 people were killed, but did not arrive until just before 2pm.
Al-Shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in Kenya since April 2013.
Dark.Cyanide, 18, climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings, without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges.
Many of the teenager's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers.
The teen describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street.
Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Graham went down to where the riots were taking place after hearing schools had been let out early.
Former Prime Minister said he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich'
He said: 'I could not do what I do unless I was also able to generate income'
Mr Blair, who entered the general election fray for Labour this week, spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with Newsweek magazine.
He earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking.
Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.
By day, the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons.
Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service.
He was asked to talk about the trailer for the new Star Wars film, 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
He said the films were anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music.
However, despite his Twitter bio he was still invited on to the programme.
BBC has apologised and admitted the hoaxer fell victim to hoaxer.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, were fired from Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County.
The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church.
Despite the state funding, the church broke no state or federal laws when the couple's employment was terminated, they maintain.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman.
She told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings two years ago.
The pair, who married in 1994, are now happier than ever.
Roxy hopes to have gender reassignment surgery this year.
Yazidi women and children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes.
They are forced to marry and convert to Islam and raped repeatedly.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped.
The victims' stories come as U.N. investigators found evidence ISIS are committing genocide against the Yazidi minority in Iraq.
Vandal smashed window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons in Brixton.
Store front was covered in shattered glass and 'no evictions' spray painted.
One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Thousands of people turned up for event organised by Reclaim Brixton group.
Organisers denounced violent actions of 'one idiot' but said there could be reason Foxton has been 'continuously targeted'
England reached 341 for five on day one of the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed in the first over by Jason Holder.
The Shepherd's Crown will be set in the Discworld universe and feature witch Tiffany Aching.
The plot of the final book is unknown, but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother.
Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel, The Colour Of Magic, in 1983.
He went on to sell 85million books worldwide, with his work being translated into 37 languages.
West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620.
There will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season.
Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing.
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest app update.
It also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab.
But it is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity.
The Glass House in Chislehurst was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951.
The property, known as the Glass House, has now been put on the market for £3.5million.
It took two years to totally renovate the property as workers were forced to carve windows and doors out of five foot thick concrete.
Celtic U17 beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden.
Josh Kerr put the Hoops in front in the 74th minute.
Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line.
The match passed without any major off-field problems.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015.
It is a cover of the song from 1983 film MontyPython's Meaning of Life.
Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox.
He can be heard in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair.
Luke Shambrook, 11, was found alive after he went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30am on Friday.
He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite.
Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments.
His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.
California giant's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
The system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user.
Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run, jump and even open doors.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk dressed up as the aforementioned superhero.
The 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at the Russian club.
Hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for Zenit in all competitions.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria.
But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked.
While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar.
The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium when no-one could have predicted the treasures hidden beneath the floorboards.
Eight years after it was meant
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday.
The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m.
Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
He sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street.
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for rape of 15-year-old daughter.
She 'coached' husband Gary, 29, on best positions to conceive.
Pleaded no contest to all charges and will be sentenced this month.
Husband admitted to raping girl 'every few days' in 2013.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes, Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.
Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs.
The film will also be shown on HBO in May.
Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney.
Cr Betts is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
She is reportedly developing the program for school girls alongside Waverley Action for Youth Services (WAYS) and the police.
European Parliament set to vote on whether to close loophole next week.
Currently, producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal nutritional value.
But winemakers say introducing nutritional labelling would lead to rise in production costs.
Consumer and health organisations want producers to include calories on their bottles.
Elliot Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos.
The 26-year-old winger or full-back has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh.
Kear moved to Premiership Rugby from Bradford at the end of last season.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be.
The England youngster rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield.
Owen says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the hottest property in English football.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in southern Italy.
The 36-year-old is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party.
She is hoping to represent Caldoro in Campania, southern Italy, after May's regional elections.
But she has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season.
The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.
United were able to string together over 400 more successful passes than Chelsea.
Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about results.
Patrick Vieira's Manchester City Under 21s side lost to West Ham.
Dan Potts opened the scoring for the Hammers before an own goal doubled their lead.
Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough.
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth.
David Bowie came eighth place, just beating former Spice Girl turned fashion designer, Victoria Beckham.
Prime Minister hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign.
Vowed to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy.
Tory donors rounded on party's lacklustre message and failure to pull away.
But a defiant Mr Cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare.
Deep brain stimulation is already used to treat Parkinson's disease.
But now researchers believe it could be used to improve brain function.
They have found it can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed.
A 'brain pacemaker' is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull.
Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall.
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember.
The QPR striker has scored 15 goals in the competition.
Austin says he and club captain Joey Barton have become good friends.
QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday before Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side now have 115 goals for the season.
Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title.
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK.
Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon.
But incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Vincent Kompany on Monday night.
The Cumbrian striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Murray scored his fifth goal in his last five games against Manchester City.
Steven Gerrard was knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
The Liverpool captain spent the evening in the VIP room with friends.
Gerrard has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for.
Chelsea's victory over Manchester United makes it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch the league leaders.
The FA have formed a concussion experts panel to help figure out how to make the game safer for players.
Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
The Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football.
Sir James Munby says parents should use 'carrot and the stick' approach.
He suggests confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets.
Also suggests grounding teenagers and threats falling short of brute force.
The price of failure could be lifelong pain for the parents.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia.
At 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done for him and he would need to have his leg amputated or fused straight.
But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects.
They began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments.
Eventually found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved.
Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet.
He even threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page.
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter.
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric looked in good form.
Real are seven points clear of their rivals in La Liga.
Carlo Ancelotti's side travel to the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Danny Alexander releases details of secret plans to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits.
Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander.
Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Tories angrily deny specific proposals set out in document revealed by Lib Dems.
But they remain under pressure to spell out how they will make savings.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
Carlos Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence in the final exchanges.
Tim Sherwood's side took a giant step towards Premier League survival.
Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel.
They believe the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
In a country where cows dominate the rural landscape, the discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists.
Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici in extra time.
The Gunners will head back to Wembley on May 30 aiming to defend the trophy.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank.
The partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes he is at the right age.
Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo were forced to retire after engine failure.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage in the afternoon.
But a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top.
Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to Bournemouth.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.
The Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Vettel finished 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admitted he was a worried man following the manner of Vettel's victory.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Leonardo Jardim's side lost to what he described as a 'non-existent penalty'
The decision will add to calls for the use of video replays.
Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri said Carvalho was 'the last man'
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa posed for a picture next to a boy.
The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English.
But he seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the T-shirt.
It was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country.
Letter from passenger 'Bethanie' to pilot 'providing proof that we're all in this together' has gone viral.
A screenshot of the letter was shared on Twitter, and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares.
The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry.
Labour leader faced further humiliation today after plus-sized blogger withdrew support of letter backing him.
Campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a Labour government.
But plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 'working people' supporting Mr Miliband included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers.
Today another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
Manchester City have been linked with a move for Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell.
Roberto Mancini's relationship with the club was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club.
Scott Sinclair, Jack Rodwell and Adam Johnson are two English players who were bought by City.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on Furious 7.
But this week she was unmasked as a fraud.
The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.
Lafontaine also Photoshopped herself into a poster of the film, wedging her picture between Michelle Rodriguez and the late Paul Walker.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night.
Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened.
Webb asked her principal for permission, and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit.
On Saturday night, Drain came over to his granddaughter's house and the two swapped a boutonniere and corsage for the event.
The two took a horse and carriage ride around town before dropping them off at the school for
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers.
She handed them over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old.
Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all.
Claims Gemma, who is unemployed, stole an iPad from one of the children.
Former District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors.
Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.
Ukip insists St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer.
Today on St George's Day, the party announced that it would make it a Bank Holiday in England.
Economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George was welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip.
In its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
Cui Hongfang, 73, was knocked over by a Canadian tourist while visiting the Great Wall of China.
She hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall.
Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman’s death.
Chelsea and Premier League furious with BBC for allowing it to be known that Premier League trophy was being displayed on centre circle at Stamford Bridge.
Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating.
A 20-strong stadium tour group at Chelsea clearly saw the Premier League silverware on the pitch.
But a security guard attempted to cover it up to prevent photographs being taken.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton booked his trip to Las Vegas back in December.
The fight was not announced and it looked like it was going to be announced during half-time of the Super Bowl.
But eventually it was announced late one Friday in February.
Ade and his friends are planning a trip to the Hollywood hills in the days before the fight.
Laurene Jobs, 51, said that Hillary Clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service.
She said: 'Her decades in our public life must not blind us to the fact that she represents new realities and possibilities'
She was blasted for her'staged' visit to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated 'from beginning to end'
Rory McIlroy's fourth place in the Masters is his best finish in seven appearances.
Jordan Spieth sealed his maiden major at Augusta National on Sunday.
McDowell believes Spieth is more comparable to Tiger Woods.
Raheem Sterling's Liverpool contract talks are put on hold.
The 20-year-old admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling is not yet the finished article.
Sterling and his representatives are attempting to force Liverpool's hand.
France legend Serge Betsen tells Sportsmail where he thinks Clermont's clash with Saracens will be won.
Wesley Fofana v Brad Barritt; Julien Bonnaire vs Billy Vunipola.
Brock James v Charlie Hodgson: How will Brock James handle the occasion?
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours.
The Russian shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw.
Jonah beat three other players in the Nottingham Chess Congress.
He qualified for the British Chess Championships this August in Warwick.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's game against Burnley after injuring his knee.
The France international was carried off on a stretcher against Leicester.
Lloris missed Tottenham's friendlies against Brazil and Denmark.
Roberto Soldado is also a doubt for the match at Turf Moor.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney.
England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under.
Michael Clarke believes Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
They are believed to have travelled to war-torn Syria on March 31.
Muslim leader Farouk Younis said Muslims must talk to other teenagers.
He said: 'We need to talk to their friends and show them the barbaric things that are going on there [in Syria] which are totally against Islam'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity.
It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up.
One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen.
This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface.
The rover is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Prime Minister will amend Working Times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor.
But business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
Ministers said they would not be forced to organise paid time-off for their employees.
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year.
Graeme Souness believes Hazard is reaching the standards of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait.
The England No 8 had been cited for striking Leicester full back Matehw Tait with his head.
Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition.
Thiago Silva will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice.
The Brazilian is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.
David Luiz is still not fully fit and is still set to start.
Lyon and Monaco are the only realistic challengers.
Robert Tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag at his home in Livonia, Michigan.
When neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street.
Toranovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the Confederate flag, but has since taken it down.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history.
Jose Mourinho's side have led the way since beating Everton 6-3 on August 30.
The Blues have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10.
Chelsea currently lead the Premier League table by seven points.
Dundee United have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance.
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees were paid in commission to unnamed parties.
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family.
The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral.
On Friday, the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian.
The 10-second video, obtained by Daily Caller reporter Kaitlin Collins, is titled 'Lessons from Dan.
Blizerian'
The pair were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.
The incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk.
A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river.
Suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the Kommunalnyi Bridge.
Flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour and the bridge disappears from view.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013.
The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
Elton John and lead singer of the band REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates.
Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
The Southern Poverty Law Center filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
Diamond says she has been subject to ridicule and even sexual assault while behind bars.
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world.
He also enjoys a stay at Travelodge.
Says he loves to surf in the Arctic and wants to join the Mile High Club.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram won't work because the process is best carried out when a person is asleep.
They believe the process takes place in a section of the fly's brain called the mushroom body - similar to the hippocampus in humans, which is where our memories are stored.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old.
But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia.
'Honestly, I’ve never had any negative thoughts about what I went through,' Jean said of her misdiagnosis, which saw her confined to a bed for much of her childhood.
Female Asian elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire in southern China.
She was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her.
More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant.
The elephant died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm.
Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions.
But clear night skies were predicted for Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Yeovil Town were relegated for the second consecutive time in their first game in charge.
Paul Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager.
The 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Students wore blue to class in memory of Millie, decorated her locker with notes and photographs, and paid tribute to her on social media.
Diana's final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online.
Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
In her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
Raheem Sterling's controversial 'It's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium.
Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty.
In 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons.
In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013.
Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants.
Other European countries also have similar numbers, with Germany having nine million, France recording 7.5million and Spain reporting more than six million.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa.
The 24-year-old has harbours ambitions to play in Europe.
Tim Sherwood will consider selling the Belgium international in the summer.
Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for Villa.
Manchester City face West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure.
The City boss has vowed to support the Ivorian until the end of the season.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell not to make same mistake as others.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with Toulon.
The Queensland Reds fly-half will move to France this summer.
Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
He pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter.
On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months in prison.
Prosecutors allege Harris kept the victim's head for months for some type of religious practice, identified earlier as voodoo.
Part of the skull was found in March 2012 in rural Osage County on land where Harris' father lived.
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year.
The city contains over sixty per cent of the world's art heritage.
But for its population of 350,000, that's an overwhelming figure.
Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana is aiming to reclaim the city.
He is representative of the Historic House of the Medici.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved.
The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester.
He was caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell.
But in a desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an elevator shaft.
Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police she had been pushed by her toddler son.
There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yang’s statement is the only evidence.
Investigators have brought into question why she had the authority to open the lift doors and whether she acted properly.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect.
He endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.
His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma, 21, and Craig, 28.
But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
To grant the little boy's final wish, staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside.
The five-year-old held the rings at the wedding on Saturday, with his mother saying Corey looked'very handsome' in a
Veteran scriptwriter for the Radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing.
Mr Davies added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Qantas''smart casual' dress code has been enforced around Australia.
Customers have taken to social media to complain about the new rules.
Cassandra Hann‎ was refused entry to Qantas Club because she was wearing Havianas.
Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge.
Sex worker Estelle Lucas, from Melbourne, tried to see the upside to the situation.
LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a speech at Syracuse University on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
The Louisville native lost 50 pounds after making a New Year's resolution to lose weight and love herself more back in 2012.
She also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's dancing skills on Sky's Soccer AM.
Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday.
Crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England against Jamaica in 2006.
The former Liverpool and Tottenham striker was less than impressed with Adam's efforts to imitate him.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final second leg.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot.
Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II.
Juventus are 15 points clear of second placed Lazio in Serie A.
One of the 11 white Art Deco houses on the Western Esplanade cul-de-sac has gone on sale for £4million.
The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury.
With celebrities occupying six of the properties – Cook and his wife have three, two for them and one for relatives – that leaves just five other houses.
Joe Root has bounced back from being left out of last year's Sydney Test.
The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role.
I love the way Root goes big and should not be moved up the batting card.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the Octagon tonight.
The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson.
Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported from Britain.
Seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country, a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights.
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he'd be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
The case reignited the row over the ease with which alleged foreign criminals could exploit human rights laws.
Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan.
If only promoter Eddie Hearn had minded his words.
Khan's father Shah says he is ready to confirm Chris Algieri as his opponent.
Brook will be defending his world welterweight title against Gavin.
Summer Elbardissy was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last year.
She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck, but fell out of third-story window.
Moments later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting ground'
She was rushed to St Francis Hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, a broken skull and pelvis, and lung bruising.
Now, 19-year-old has filed lawsuit against university and fraternity.
Claims she was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking and
Danny Nickerson, six, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013.
Last July, his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral.
He received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined.
On Friday night, his mother Carley Nickerson shared on a Facebook page that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Wonga, the UK's biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
City watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56.
She saw him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London's West End.
Honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player.
But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home.
Police found damning mobile phone footage of Granger and the men laughing.
Gang members Kyrron Jackson and Nicholas Chandler, both 28, convicted of murder.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters.
The Chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League.
Loretta Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her.
She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder.
The White House said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today.
Texas Senator Ted Cruz was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat.
She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Mrs Marriott attempted to call the RSCPA at 7am yesterday morning but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999.
Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture the white snake and took it back to the station.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'
The Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany.
Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Dortmund.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project.
Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places.
The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Kitchens sell houses. They are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room.
It’s a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment.
Post made his remarks while fielding questions the airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10.
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead.
The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.
She was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
The Gunners have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic.
Arsenal are back on the trail of Kondogbia after he was sent off against Barcelona.
Paddy Power appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans.
A tweet was published that read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male'
It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers.
Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X laboratory, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.
But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
Other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar.
When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said.
The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time.
But she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.
She was benched the first two tournaments and the coach told her she would not play much for the rest of the season.
Her mother said the dispute is not about playing time but about 'playing' claiming her daughter 'wants to play'
Audrey might miss the opportunity to play this season as there is only one tournament remaining in the club season, but
Garry Monk wants Swansea to continue their impressive form against Everton.
Roberto Martinez was lauded by Everton fans last season as the club qualified for Europe with a fifth-placed finish in the Premier League.
But the going has been a lot tougher for the Spaniard in his second season on Merseyside.
Everton have only removed the spectre of relegation by winning their last three matches.
Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine.
The jellyfish have been around for 500 million years.
Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans.
For the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim.
She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
The 29-year-old says she always felt a profound connection to nature.
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
His outstretched arms help him to remain airborne.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in Championship play-off.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game for the home side.
Brentford had a chance to strike back five minutes later.
Cardiff University study found most teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers.
This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits.
Researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across Wales.
Abou Diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Diaby a new contract.
Diaby has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career.
Wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
Jenna revealed that she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy, revealing that her second daughter is due in August.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in Paddy Power advert.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it.
Walsh will ride Ballycasey in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million flat to his children.
It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims.
His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March.
The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former Labour MP for child abuse.
It was previously thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man.
But new evidence was uncovered by Dr Sergey Leshchinsky, from Tomsk State University.
He spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western Europe and Russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago.
The deficiency in calcium resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to
Robert Downey Jr was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu.
The 50-year-old said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is'
The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
It comes just three days after the actor walked out of an interview with Channel 4.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday.
Pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record.
Newcastle have fallen in the Premier League while Palace are threatening the top half.
A team compiled with Newcastle and Crystal Palace's stats pre/post Pardaw would be sitting in 19th.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time.
The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away.
Dale Cregan reportedly transferred to Ashworth Hospital in Merseyside.
The 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes.
Sources reportedly claimed Cregan was 'playing the system' at Category A jail.
They said he was moved to the same psychiatric unit as Moors murderer Ian Brady.
Brady tortured and murdered five children in Greater Manchester between 1963 and 1965.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40.
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22.
He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born just 48 hours apart back in January.
They are joined by two other gorillas in the Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit.
The babies are not always on display for visitors, with appearances depending on conditions such as temperature and weather.
Despite being born, keepers at Bronx Zoo have yet to learn either of the babies' genders.
The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City.
The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
They cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her.
William Shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News.
He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California.
The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes.
But the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart after oil leak.
Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said.
Plane had 123 passengers and five crew members on board when it took off.
Comes less than two weeks after Germanwings plane crashed into French Alps.
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne cathedral today.
He urged forgiveness for all of the victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz was widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking captain out.
Investigation revealed Lubitz previously suffered from severe depression.
German President Joachim Gauck said tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow.
Small wooden angels placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives of doomed flights.
Flags flown at half-mast across country as political and religious leaders join mourners in west-German city.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four.
Liverpool have won just one of their last six games against top-five sides.
The Reds need to beat Arsenal to keep up their Champions League hopes.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.
DeWitt was one of the first teachers to join the faculty at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack, New Jersey.
He was suspended from his $105,000-a-year job and banned from campus, pending the completion of the investigation.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia next week.
He will begin with a visit to the Australian War Memorial.
The 30-year-old will then tour the World War I and Afghanistan galleries.
Harry will then report to barracks to report for duty.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight.
During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged just five.
Her parents were told she only had three months to live.
She went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.
However, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, six days after giving birth on March 10.
A Gofundme page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $40,000 in her memory.
Suma is one of Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis.
She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013.
Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years.
X-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis, her hips and ankles.
The ape was given a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years.
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina.
He suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.
The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel.
In interviews Friday at Coast Guard headquarters in Portsmouth, they said they did not see Jordan's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment.
But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Graham White, 76, said the changes to the property looks'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation'
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury.
The 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries.
Poynton had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Clermont Auvergne thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight.
The French outfit are now plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership's second best side.
Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing their Champions Cup semi-final against Northampton.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Reds were thrashed 5-0 by Manchester City last season.
Tom Cairney will face Raheem Sterling in the replay.
Cairney has sympathy for the young winger.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
There are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class.
This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
After acknowledging his supposed blunder again, the recorded version of Mr Weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom.
Esteban Cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy.
The midfielder joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer.
Cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010 while playing for Inter Milan.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered.
The body has not yet been formally identified, but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Mr Powell, of Barlaston, Staffordshire, is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.
Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo.
The Swiss No 2 is the defending champion in the tournament.
Dimitrov will play Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Manchester United's record against the top seven continues.
Louis van Gaal's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game.
Jose Mourinho's team sit seven points ahead of second-placed Arsenal.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday.
Assistant secretary general of Jamaat-e-Islami party headed militia group.
He was behind killing of 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said.
Move slammed by man's supporters, who have called for nationwide general strike.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters'
In special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves.
But David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
Study found 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems.
F1 commercial head Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix.
The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014.
State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut.
Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul'
Simon Cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is becoming a luxury hotel, it emerged today.
The Daily Mirror claims that a new Office for Estimation has been set up which will use social media to decide who should run the country during coalition negotiations.
David Beckham and Helen Mirren are also reported to be replacing the Queen on banknotes in the near future.
Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, believed to have died on fishing boat in 'desperate' attempt to seek new life in UK.
His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation.
She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals'
'His mother will never get his body back. She'll never be able to ask him why he did it'
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'
Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Toure's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for City.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year.
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged.
Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man.
The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla.
Police said hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
But the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores.
He demanded cash from assistant Andrea Brighty but was foiled.
Shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard McKarry's demands and rugby tackled him.
McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after his crimes.
But he has been unmasked as the axe wielding thief in attempted robbery.
His own mother even previously pleaded for her teenage son to be locked up.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.
Mayweather has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
She has worked for his promotional company since being recruited as a massage therapist for his 2011 fight against Victor Ortiz.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
Tory MPs last night claimed Labour’s Argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for Miliband.
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang.
She was being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man.
He offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
The man had been brought in by police the night before.
When he returned the next day, he was carrying a knife.
Peter Moore, 47, received letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week.
Letter apologised for family's'recent bereavement' and said officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax.
Mr Moore said: 'I don't know how that kind of mistake could have been made'
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull City on Tuesday.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for Sturridge.
The 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues.
Sturridge is also battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5.
The former world No 1 has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form.
Woods has dropped out of the top 100 in the world rankings for the first time in almost 19 years.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed and her daughter Sarah Wright was injured.
The 200-year-old ash tree was planted to celebrate the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
An investigation found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood and made it very unstable.
Town hall of Hiers-Brouage has now paid more than £86,000 in compensation.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen.
The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people.
Her 23-year-old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day.
A day later, it had swept the world. Two decades on, the shock is still raw.
A lost iPhone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman's Facebook page in a bid to track her down.
The phone, which belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne, was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning.
Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station.
Bella lost her phone at a friend's birthday party the night before and dialled her number as soon as she realised.
By the time Bella made it to the
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break.
David Silva and Jesus Navas provided the assist for Aguero.
West Ham defender James Collins missed an own goal to give the Hammers the lead.
The tiger was chasing a bird when it slipped on the icy surface.
It flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks.
The hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put Arsenal ahead against Liverpool.
The Spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for Mathieu Debuchy.
Bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's 40 metre record.
Walcott is determined to take his record back from Bellerín this summer.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident.
His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
The settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older.
The St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria.
Residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime.
The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir.
Celtic beat Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Virgil van Dijk opened the scoring in the 18th minute.
Edward O'Fere equalised for the Highlanders in the second half.
David Raven scored an extra-time winner for the Celtic side.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
The pair are pictured sitting on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes.
Sterling and Ibe are considered as the two brightest stars to emerge at Liverpool.
They are battling to stay among the Premier League pacesetters.
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event.
Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.
One YouTube user, Perkoff, believed it was time travelers.
Toxicology results show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month.
Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club.
The truck driver suffered injuries that weren't considered life-threatening.
Investigators had applied for a warrant to test Abad's blood shortly after the accident.
Andre Ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to land the Ghana international.
The 25-year-old fits into Mauricio Pochettino's plans to sign young and hungry players.
The orphaned youngsters were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner.
Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced.
First of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple.
The aim is to release the animals back into the wild once they're strong enough.
Birch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees.
Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium.
The 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday night.
The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest.
They will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad.
A disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on Indonesian TV the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in January.
Porto face Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Julen Lopetegui says Porto have plenty of room to improve.
Porto are the only undefeated side in the competition so far.
Pep Guardiola is a two-time Champions League winner with Barcelona.
Samantha Armytage has come under fire for a comment made last month.
The 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer.
Armytage congratulated Lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her'
A Change.com petition has been launched asking for her to apologise.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2.
She was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk.
Remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning.
They have been sent to the medical examiner's office for identification.
It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home; he says he was looking for AJ.
The little owls were photographed by Dean Mason, 48, in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
The birds are small owls, a species which typically measures 22cm tall.
Mr Mason observed the owls from just six metres away.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images.
Co-author Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49, were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy.
The book also explores momentous periods which truly characterised Italian fashion.
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel.
It was left by builders who were renovating the property in Hough Green, Chester.
They dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up.
Bed was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson from Northumberland.
But TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove artefact's historical roots.
DNA tests confirmed it was European oak and of sub-species 'typical of the origin of the finest, slow-grown oak imported by the medieval
Gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture.
The gnome is next to the legs of George Harrison, who is wearing red on the album art.
Hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park.
At first, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
But as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators.
The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison three times during the 1970s.
He eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009.
His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking.
When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help.
Jessica Cleland, 19, took her own life on Easter Saturday last year.
She was bullied over Facebook by two teenage boys she considered friends.
Her parents are now campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously.
The Cleland's are campaigning for harsher enforcement of the laws.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.
After a series of interviews, the Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.
Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories.
David Cameron has surged ahead by three points in the polls going into the election.
The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9.
There are signs that Labour, and not the Tories, is at risk from Farage’s Ukip.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday.
Marihugh and 32-year-old Special Warfare Operator.
1st Class Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
Lewis died Friday. Lloyd says both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2.
Kevin Mirallas was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign.
But his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future.
Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California.
The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.
It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing.
It can also reportedly be used to increase fuel efficiency and reduce noise on take-off and landing.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph.
He initially ignored Essex Police's attempts to confirm who was driving.
Instead he made up a series of stories to shift the blame, police said.
X was jailed for nine months and ordered to pay costs of £1,200.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City.
Gary Neville believes United can beat anyone with their form.
Bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri.
Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
Experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as'melanism' can generate more melanin than usual, turning a flamingo's feathers a dark colour.
First comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll.
Internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the Internet.
The brain operates in a similar way, the researchers found.
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury.
It has an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.
Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century.
In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Byron Schlenker's buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat.
His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men's crown.
Byron only found out he was a world-beater when he picked up a Guinness World Records book while helping his daughter with a school project.
Zara Phillips has pulled out of the Rolex Kentucky three-day event.
Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section of the Eventing at London 2012 on board High Kingdom.
The Queen's granddaughter was due to make her Kentucky debut.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363.
The average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.
She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17.
Filkins was arrested several hours later after she attempted to get back into the home thinking she had left.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime.
It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax.
But it later emerged that Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
Tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway.
Andy Erlam won High Court victory to kick out crooked mayor Lutfur Rahman.
Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014.
He was branded a 'pathological liar' and a cheat happy to 'play the race card'
Mr Erlam said: 'If elected I will lead the transformation of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and nothing will stop me'
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng' from Shenyang, North China, has taken 30,000 selfies with passengers.
The 58-year-old is one of the most recognised faces in the region.
On average, he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Leigh Griffiths was left to rue the decision not to award a penalty.
Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given.
Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 at the 02 Arena.
Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show his support for his fellow Dutchmen.
Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall.
Gary Anderson produced a sterling fightback to earn himself a draw against James Wade.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, has been sentenced to 10-years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl.
Judge M. Marc Kelly said that there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being.
Rojano Nieto 'inexplicably became sexually aroused but did not appear to consciously intend to harm the victim'
Prosecutor have said they will appeal the controversial decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of Rockingham County Superior Courthouse on Friday morning.
He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed.
MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night.
But owners were served with summons for allegedly unpaid debt.
Lawyers slapped court order on ship over 'unresolved' and 'historic' wrangle.
Ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned.
She then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund.
The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester.
Four teenagers caught on camera kicking rare bird and throwing another out window.
The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks.
CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands.
They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows.
Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters, which were hung on around campus earlier this week.
The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that.
The Brazilian shows his footballing brain never stops as he shows off an array of skills out of hours.
Barcelona travel to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium for their latest La Liga battle against Sevilla.
Christopher Eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses.
The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005.
He has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses.
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery.
MH17 was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile on July 17, 2014.
In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
The finds came several days after MailOnline revealed how possibly key evidence and personal possessions were left lying in fields so long after a crash.
National Union of Teachers has called for a 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made 'compulsory' under the next government.
It said MPs had a duty to tackle 'homophobia, biphobia and transphobia' in schools.
Critics accused the NUT of 'thought control' and said the proposals risked 'oversexualising' children at a young age.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013.
Loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed, but Vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances'
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com.
They divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-Banked Users (NBUs)
Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider'
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September.
She underwent six rounds of treatment that doctors say will give her an 85 percent chance of survival.
Without the chemotherapy, doctors said it was almost certain the teenager would die.
Cassandra was reunited with her mother on Easter Sunday for the first time in three months.
Pep Guardiola has denied claims of a rift with Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt.
The 72-year-old quit the club on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto.
Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Cesc Fabregas suffered a nasty-looking gash on his nose during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City.
The Spain international was caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm.
Fabregas also took a whack on his leg during the clash on Saturday.
West Brom are watching Nice forward Alassane Plea.
Tony Pulis has had scouts busy monitoring targets in France.
Montpellier’s former Blackburn right back Bryan Dabo is also under scrutiny.
Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton.
Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores.
He waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant Andrea Brighty.
But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him.
His wife Sam helped, hitting him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop weapon.
McKerry, from Coundon near Bishop Auckland, has been jailed for six years.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under canon law.
But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do more.
Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police.
Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls.
He was eventually sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention.
It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser.
This creates a clean and storable hydrogen fuel, meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels.
The major benefit is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar.
Solar power is thought to be able to provide up to four per cent of the UK's electricity by the end of the decade.
Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon.
The Magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to Spurs.
At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash.
Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away.
Malcolm Webster, then 33, seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife.
Webster had drugged his wife before taking her for a drive in 1994.
He then deliberately crashed their car and set it on fire.
Last year Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.