James Best was best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard"
He died Monday after a brief illness.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
He faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change.
Obama refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences.
The channel said it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
The law was passed by the Russian Parliament and signed by President Vladimir Putin in July 2013.
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio is running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the American Dream.
"Orphan Black's" second season premieres on Saturday April 18.
"Turn: Washington's Spies" returns with new subtitle and Monday night time slot.
Hugh Laurie joins the cast and Julia Louis-Dreyfus is now the president of the United States.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air," a frantic 911 caller says.
The call came just as the Alaska Airlines flight had taken off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
The Taliban released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement's website.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
The movie, starring Gal Gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond.
The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
Toya Graham tells CNN she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son.
"He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie," she says.
Video of Graham slapping her son has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear.
An obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge.
The blade cleaves into a fine and continuous edge when properly cut.
Modern obsidian scalpels look nothing like the decorative flint-knapped knives of Neolithic man.
Saudi general says coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples.
That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in Aurora, Colorado.
Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings.
Another natural disaster strikes in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu.
Up to 200 people are feared missing as a result of a landslide, a trekking association official says.
Sally Kohn: "We are the People. Yes we can. We are family"
Kohn: We are the authors of every page of Baltimore's story.
Indiana's religious freedom law is being criticized for allowing businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
The law expands the scope of the law to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet.
They are suing BFMTV for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer.
His family was missing, Mayor Joseph Riley says.
Police dashcam video shows a Walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, Arizona.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
John Legend came out to honor Bill Withers with a performance of "Use Me"
Patti Smith and Reed's widow, music artist Laurie Anderson, shared the three rules for life.
Daniel Boykin, 33, entered the woman's home multiple times.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage.
By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
There are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it.
Thieves broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London.
They reportedly took advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes.
Police were offering few details Wednesday of the robbery at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stamped down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
One person died, according to the school.
Saudi-led coalition ends nearly month-long airstrike campaign in Yemen.
"Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
As the insecurity in the region has spiraled, the worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks.
Diana was a rare breed: stunningly beautiful, immediately accessible, witty, charming and endearingly mischievous.
Diana's name is as divisive as the very institution of monarchy itself.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer.
Officer Michael Rapiejko says he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man.
He says he worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage.
The Atlantic Music Expo aims to help Cape Verdean artists secure international exposure.
Tourism is expected to account for 20% of the country's GDP by 2024.
Afghanistan's population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here.
The violence in the provinces means people swell it further still.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program.
The success of that agreement remains to be seen.
The Washington University of rowing team was practicing on Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis.
A swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack.
Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation.
Lubitz was "very afraid" he would lose his license to fly because of his medical issues, a source says.
Video from the patrol car of North Charleston's Michael Slager shows an initial traffic stop.
The video also shows a passenger in Scott's car.
A Doberman pincher recently ate three pieces of jewelry.
The 5-year-old dog is "more goofy than scary"
The dog's breeder says Mocha was acting out of anxiety.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday.
Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah.
At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links.
Yemen has been descending into chaos since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power.
Ines Dumig is a CENTER Grant Recipient for his photo series "Apart Together"
Sahra, a Somali refugee, left her home at 14 years old.
Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at a shelter in Munich, Germany.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity"
They call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month.
The first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms.
Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto.
The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist"
The lawsuit alleges the defendants violated his right to an education free of gender-based discrimination.
The case has produced dueling narratives from both sides in national media outlets.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday.
Aaron Hernandez is charged with murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez was a star tight end in the NFL two years ago.
A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors.
Local residents successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 to keep their slim hopes of winning the English Premier League alive.
Aaron Ramsey's first half goal puts Arsenal within four points of first placed Chelsea.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
"The Americans" finale is titled "March 8, 1983"
"Vikings," renewed for a fourth season, wraps up Thursday.
The death toll in Syria has doubled in a year's time, an opposition group says.
The U.N. says more than half of Syrians are in dire need of survival aid.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.
Santana: "Mr. Scott never tried to fight"
The cell phone video reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of African-Americans.
Protesters say they're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray.
Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury.
His family says his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped.
The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime.
Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation.
The idea is that an economy must satisfy all three principles: economic growth, social fairness and environmental sustainability.
Garissa University College in eastern Kenya is targeted by Al-Shabaab.
The militant group has made bloody incursions into neighboring Kenya.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry "as soon as possible"
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students.
Dead fish appear in Rio de Janeiro lagoon ahead of 2016 Olympics.
Officials say latest rains caused temperature change and excess organic matter.
Last week, video showed sailor crashing into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed by a South Carolina police officer Saturday.
He was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard.
U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded a year after ISIS became a household name in America.
The arrests highlight the unique challenges that ISIS poses in comparison with al Qaeda.
Andreas Lubitz, co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525, had psychiatric issues.
Lubitz had to compete successfully in a selection process just to have the opportunity to train through Lufthansa's flight program.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.
In practice, it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues.
Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday.
They believed she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston.
The woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico.
Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," a police spokesman says.
He was found on his side near a bathroom in his home, KTLA reports.
Julian Zelizer: Low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
Julian Zelizer: Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality were about S&M.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni's era.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
A top military official said he hopes that the animosity between Iran and America will fade.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets"
Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation.
The show won't move forward unless Miss Piggy signs on.
Jean Nidetch was an "overweight housewife obsessed with cookies"
She launched Weight Watchers in 1963 and took the company public five years later.
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex.
Robert Boardwine is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life, Virginia's appeals court says.
Boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
The mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes treatment.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland.
The James Webb Space Telescope is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
The telescope is scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls abducted in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria.
Malala: We should all feel shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity by fanatical thugs.
Mohamed Morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters.
Morsy stood trial with 14 co-defendants, including some of his presidential staff.
Sandra Mackey died Sunday, her son says.
Her extensive career began in anonymity.
Prince Jan Zylinski challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel.
He says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain.
Farage says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, 300 miles from Bangladesh.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital.
The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter.
Hospitals are looking at everything they do and trying to evaluate whether it contributes to enhancing the patient experience.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre in Moscow.
She says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day.
Womack says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the Russian ruble has weakened.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer got a makeover.
YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on his own version using classic superhero footage.
Burns: "I wanted to contrast the old with the new"
Sally Kohn: I see signs of a revolution in the attitudes of everyday Americans.
Kohn: For the first time a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes.
She says it's in the faces of good parents, uprooting their lives to get medicine for their children.
"Krystle was the light of my life," a father says of his daughter.
Jurors also hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead.
The cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from Principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago.
A draft script of the 1985 teen classic was found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed.
Astronomer Amy Mainzer named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai.
The teenage education activist was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman.
Chief Justice John Roberts faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the constitutional right to marry.
The illness has affected five members of the 964-person crew.
The Celebrity Infinity left San Diego on March 29.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Three of the teens have since been released "pending further enquiries"
The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, police say.
Scientists say Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.
Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school.
"Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best.
Michelle Obama broke it down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February.
He was set to be sentenced in May.
Andrew Getty, 47, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, his mother and father say.
His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says.
Thousands of Yazidis were taken captive by ISIS in Iraqi Kurdistan.
The militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves.
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
Bates says he meant to subdue Eric Harris with a Taser.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied these allegations.
Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters targeting Houthis and their allies in Aden, a Saudi source says.
Houthi rebels withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef.
The airport has previously been bombed.
More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony.
Tom Brady tweets his love for Gisele Bundchen.
Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday.
Brady and Bundchen have been married since 2009.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen.
The move is also meant to reassure allies in the region.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters.
The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
Car manufacturers are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says.
She pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
"Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen.
"School of Rock" will debut on Nickelodeon later this year.
Keonna Thomas, 30, charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"
He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since Heath Ledger.
No one was injured in the shooting.
Police are still looking for suspects.
Ben Powers played Thelma's husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times"
He also had a regular role as "Moochie" on the CBS detective drama show.
Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, CNN Turk reports.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu condemns the violence.
The new season of "True Detective" premieres June 21.
Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star.
Carlos Colina, 32, is arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury.
The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim, authorities say.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" also wins.
Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
Bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded.
About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds.
Record breaking jockey AP McCoy wins the Grand National.
Many Clouds wins by a length and a half, ridden by Leighton Aspell.
McCoy has dominated jump racing for two decades.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is facing charges that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain"
Dean Obeidallah: Oz is serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
A SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
The passenger received medical attention before being released.
Muslims threw 12 fellow passengers overboard, killing them, Italian police say.
The 12 were Christians, police say, because they were Christians.
Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast.
Sandra Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list.
The Oscar-winning actress says she's happy with who she is.
David Frum: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the harshest punishment for the Boston Marathon bombing.
Frum: The prosecution's emphasis: The killings involved "substantial planning and premeditation"
He says the defense will insist Tsarnaev was the lesser of two evils.
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he started shooting up heroin all day.
He spent the next couple of weeks curled up on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing cold turkey.
Trey Moses, a star on Eastern High School's basketball team, asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
He made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie's P.E. class.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device.
The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
He's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Evidence collected in Lloyd's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video features 38 people besides Clinton.
The proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC.
"Mad Men" returns to AMC.
Billy Crystal returns to television.
Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer that he's a woman.
Jenner's family owned the moment, being the Jenners and the Kardashians.
A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape.
A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," a geologist says.
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families.
Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
The U.N. says thousands more refugees are expected.
An Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on U.S. troops, a police chief says.
Four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured, in much less than ideal circumstances.
One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas.
Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Julian Zelizer: Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives.
Police say two people were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property.
Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police.
Protesters are upset over the apparent lack of information.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week.
The geology agency has maintained there was a possibility of a third eruption.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto"
The tour will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play"
Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students.
He says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie.
Apple's new mobile operating system includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis.
The reaction to this new lineup is a range of cheers and jeers.
U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman says.
Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm on Tuesday.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited the wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India.
Hermann's project "Flower Man" casts light upon the people behind the petals.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
She gives her friends a list of 10 possible birthday dates.
The New York Times and the Washington Post have also posted solutions to the problem.
Brynn Duncan was diagnosed with mast cell disease at the age of 16.
Scientists don't know yet what causes the abnormal behavior.
Mast cells are the regulators of your immune system.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
The Canadian singer believes she was bitten by a tick last spring.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.
She and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear.
The celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son in January.
Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather.
Two Troy University students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee are charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday.
Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed Thursday by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus.
The killings renewed speculation about a conspiracy to kill people close to Yanukovych.
Australia is outraged by the executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
But Indonesia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage in 2011.
His family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says.
It did not lead to the American aid worker's release.
Hillary Clinton announces she will run for president in 2016.
The former secretary of state has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car and buried in a field.
Four days later, she managed to stagger to a nearby farm and get help.
She suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
NASA scientist: "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade"
"We know where to look. We know how to look," Ellen Stofan says.
Malaysian bomb maker Marwan killed in botched raid in the Philippines in January.
FBI had been offering $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture.
Marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by Philippine security forces in 2012.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage.
Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.
The Memphis Grizzlies small forward had to have open heart surgery.
Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others.
Regina Agyare is a tech entrepreneur who teaches local teens how to code.
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18.
The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future.
Record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day.
The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran.
Dean Obeidallah: Obama has given Tehran an easy exit.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution.
Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time.
Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso's execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.
"Mad Men" is about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times.
The last season ended with the moon landing in July 1969.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao to fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets will go on sale after agreement on allocation was reached.
Concerns over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter.
The Al Marmoum camel race is an ancient tradition in the region.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies.
The tiny shop, located in Tsim Sha Tsui, is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "little bear cookies"
An internal inquiry concluded that Robert Bates was shown special treatment.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has not responded to repeated calls for comment.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris.
The airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights.
Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported.
Muna Mansour is among dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen.
The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students.
The school was not the main target, the officials say.
Maggie Doyne started the BlinkNow Foundation to support and grow her efforts.
In 2010, the group opened its Kopila Valley School, which educates more than 350 students.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off"
The powerful storm has already claimed four lives.
Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong.
One of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage.
He was later bailed and ordered to return in May pending an investigation.
Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall.
But that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators.
To assuage any fears, we asked John Swartzberg, M.D., to walk us through the process.
Kenya launches airstrikes on Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, a military source says.
Kenya's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre began.
Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
The hashtag #KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter.
Surgeon: "There is potential risk for scarring and permanent disfigurement with repeated attempts"
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Yuhei Takashima, 64, is accused of photographing an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14.
He says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women over a quarter of a century.
The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles.
U.S. must rethink role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques.
China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.
Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East.
Saudi military intervention in Yemen has raised the stakes to unprecedentedly dangerous levels.
Britain's elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis.
The elected parliament consists of 650 seats, each representing a different number of constituents.
Only the candidate who wins most votes in each constituency gets a seat.
Liberal Democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives.
David Frum says the most exciting ideas are taking hold at the local level.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets on sale for $361,894.
Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out.
But there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a baby early Friday evening.
There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
Loretta Lynch cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee by a vote of 12-8.
The delay in scheduling a vote on Lynch's nomination is because she is African-American.
Afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years.
Barker hosted the game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee of a tow company.
Julian Zelizer: McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement.
B.B. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, his daughter says.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says in a statement.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez is known for his swagger.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN student news Roll Call.
The nationwide recall is voluntary.
No illnesses have been reported.
Kentucky Wildcats beat Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 in NCAA Final Four.
Blue Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61 in first contest of the night.
Kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record.
Douglas Rushkoff: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev verdict isn't surprising, but it might be answer to how we prevent violence.
He says radical Islam began at intersection of politics, religion and religious identity.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Masters final.
The Serbian world number one extends his winning streak to 17 matches.
Djokovic won his 52nd career title and his second Monte Carlo title.
"We need to remember the 147; they are not just a number," organizer says.
Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab's training camps in Somalia.
The attack at a university in Garissa killed 147 people, mostly students.
Stephen Hawking has partnered with Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song"
The 7-inch single will be available for sale on Saturday.
Michael Keaton paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman"
Keaton's performance drew high marks from viewers and critics.
Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio in the 1980s and '90s.
The home featured an indoor swimming pool, a marble-and-gold Jacuzzi and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts.
Brett McGurk, the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS, said the terror group is "off the charts historically"
McGurk said the U.S. is in "uncharted territory" in fighting ISIS.
He stressed the importance of working with Iraqi PM Haider al-Abadi.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s.
She had never seen herself actually dancing.
African investors are bringing to London the best of the continent.
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.
Many of the African buyers see these houses as a way of maintaining long standing cultural ties with London.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS.
The map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist, gives us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Yong Soo Lee, 16, was forced into sexual slavery by Japanese soldiers during World War II.
She is just one of over 200,000 women from Korea, China, Philippines, Indonesia, and other Asian nations.
When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe addresses Congress, he has an opportunity to do right by these women.
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once said, "What good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you can't afford to buy a hamburger?"
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos.
The Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, Italy's southernmost territory.
In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school.
He says the experience opened his eyes to the hypocrisy of affirmative action.
South Korean investigators say they have proof of the actual malicious codes used in the attacks.
The 2013 attack paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters.
North Korea has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication"
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years.
Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian.
Experts say ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation.
Lamborghini sports car crashes into guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
Passenger Gary Terry, 36, pronounced dead at the scene.
Driver Tavon Watson, 24, was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event.
The 21-year-old faces life in prison or the death penalty.
Prince Harry visits the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra.
He will work and live with Australian troops in Sydney, Darwin and Perth.
Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president.
SpaceX plans to launch a Falcon 9 rocket Tuesday night.
The rocket will carry a cargo ship called Dragon to the International Space Station.
SpaceX hopes to land the rocket on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto.
Minatel says a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him.
The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip.
A former banker, 29-year-old Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich is coming out May 5.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a woman says.
"If one person is in need, we'll all be there for them," a man says.
"It was time to come home," Kelley tells People magazine.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004.
His wife, Genevieve Kelley, turned herself in to authorities last year.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp.
"It's been a really rough day," Susan Reiter tells CNN.
Michael Slager, 33, has been fired from the North Charleston Police Department.
His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba in September, the Vatican says.
The trip will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries.
Mui Thomas suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection.
She was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky.
Mui has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
McLean's manuscript of "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million Tuesday.
The song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status.
Two African-American candidates win their wards to make Ferguson 50% black.
Ferguson's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the City Council is predominantly white.
The U.N. Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp.
Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds.
His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.
Heather Mack, 19, is sentenced to 10 years in prison for killing her mother.
Sheila von Wiese-Mack was beaten to death in a hotel room in Bali.
Her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, was sentenced to 18 years for battering her to death.
An explosion outside a bus station in Gombe kills at least five people and injures more than a dozen others.
The explosion happened after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers.
U.N. Security Council discusses humanitarian situation at Russia's behest.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced Hadi from power.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September.
The possibility would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip.
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam.
There's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults.
Former Australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster Richie Benaud dies at the age of 84.
Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
He led Australia into an era of world dominance as a player.
Daisy Bentley, 23, has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper.
Her quest has uncovered a fascinating collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings.
The note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London's Hackney Wick.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government"
Peter Bergen: Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government"
The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds.
It's the third in a series of four in a row, known as a "tetrad"
The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors.
It was the first time the probe had been used.
Robert Durst is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Police meet with a man who was in Walter Scott's car when he was shot.
The passenger's name wasn't in a police report obtained by CNN.
The dress was worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind"
It was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were just about to become parents.
Sharry was eight months pregnant when Smith fell and hit his head.
The family photo has become a social media sensation.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says.
The Houthis say they have the support of the country's people behind them.
The overturned convertible was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway.
The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious.
Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, they scrambled to save her.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash.
The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember and possibly grieve again.
The New South China Mall was opened in 2005 in Dongguan, China.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area, making it the largest in the world in terms of leasable space.
Model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a guessing game.
She was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.
Freddie Gray was arrested by police on April 12 after a 40-minute chase.
David Frum: The charging document in this case gives us more information than the video.
Thai Airways unveils colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and Princess Bubblegum.
The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone.
April is National Get Tested Month.
John Avlon: Freedom to test won't save money.
Avlon: It's hard for us to make well people feel better.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike in January, according to reports.
A senior Pakistani official says Pakistani soldiers went door-to-door looking for Weinstein.
Aiko Chihira is an android designed to look and move like a real person.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
Irwin Horwitz wrote an email to his students accusing them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting"
The email went viral, and his name was widely shared on Twitter, Facebook and Reddit.
A Bangladeshi migrant tells investigators he was among 950 people on board the boat.
Maltese authorities say around 50 of 700 people on the boat have been saved.
The Italian Coast Guard is collecting statements from other survivors.
Damani Terry, 2, was struck and killed by a van during a birthday party.
The driver, Archie Brown Jr., 40, immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy.
Damani's alarmed family came running, including his older brother, Rasheed Chiles.
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
David Frum: Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears marry in Dunblane, Scotland.
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags.
The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
Etan Patz went missing in New York City in 1979.
His disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago.
A brood of baby ducks caused a stir on a D.C. street.
A man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy"
Loretta Lynch will be the nation's top law enforcement officer.
She will have the power to withhold federal funds from local departments.
The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and begin its combustion in May.
The original plan was for Progress to burn up re-entering Earth's atmosphere.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Bates says he mistook his firearm for the stun gun.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice.
He says the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
A photographer snapped a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground.
It could have been one the National Weather Service warned about in a tweet.
Ahmed Farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
CyArk is a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture.
The company uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar.
It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the crash site, a police official says.
The crash killed all 150 people on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after trying to convince jurors that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
Italy is grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills.
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream.
The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
The shootings' main similarity is that the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed.
Outside of that, the highly publicized police shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance.
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
The FAA has issued a certificate that certifies that a pilot can fly a plane under visual flight rules.
The FAA says a gyrocopter can't launch straight up into the air in the manner of a typical helicopter.
Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges.
The judge also lowers Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million.
Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
It will look at the rise of the cast of "Full House"
The show aired on ABC from 1987 to 1995.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high.
The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
But Cuba's attempts to rebrand itself as an open, diverse society stumbled Wednesday.
Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, his wife says.
Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor, and stage star.
V. Stiviano was ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts after Sterling's wife sued her.
She claimed Donald Sterling used the couple's money to buy her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover.
Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California.
Paramedics were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT Tuesday on the report of a medical emergency.
Hundreds confirmed dead after 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal.
Many people still too scared to go back inside any buildings.
UNICEF communication officer: "The shake was like nothing I have experienced in my 57 years"
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, were killed.
The couple led a youth ministry.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month.
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, an operations officer says.
The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10.
A microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it.
Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters.
The Guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers, whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations.
Mary Magdalene and Joanna captured our attention -- one by virtue of her husband, and the other, by her stature in the story of Jesus.
PG&E is ordered to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
At least 54 people have died and 15 are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the chilly waters in Russia's Far East.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading critical articles.
But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
The study's authors have named it the "Great Cannon," and it operates in plain sight.
Iraqi forces take control of the northern city of Tikrit.
They find vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped.
Officials fear Shiite militiamen might take "scorched earth" reprisals.
Florida's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it.
Another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
Guenter Grass is best known around the world for his novel "The Tin Drum"
Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
Barney Frank was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office.
He said he wasn't aware of a current ballot proposal in California that would legalize killing gay people.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor in 2013.
She successfully petitioned the NCAA to move up the opening game of her college basketball team.
Hill would go on to raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago.
David Frum: U.S. drone strike kills two aid workers held hostage on Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
He says rogue regimes seize hostages against backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days.
He was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express on his ship drifting in the Atlantic Ocean.
The blaze broke out at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville.
There are no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
Sabeen Mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance in Pakistan.
Mahmud was shot dead at point-blank range after she locked up a cafe in Karachi.
No one has claimed responsibility for her shooting.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport.
Authorities received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS.
Native American actors walk off the set of Adam Sandler's "The Ridiculous Six"
They say the script is insulting to Native Americans and women.
Sandler has not commented publicly on the walkout.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister.
He has been John Kerry's opposite number in nuclear talks.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, her attorney says.
The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
Many of the students just wish they had something in common with her.
Schwartz: "What do our students need? How can we best serve them?"
China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app features his latest speeches, statements and publications.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store.
New research suggests Shakespeare's "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier.
Researchers analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald.
Theobald based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered.
Elizabeth Warren said she won't slack off on calls to rein in Wall Street.
Julian Zelizer: If Democrats want to take on Wall Street and tackle economic inequality, they first have to bring about reform.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
But for some communities, the group is the local governing authority.
The #KylieJennerChallenge hasn't escaped notice.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage tied first with 21% of the vote.
David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs.
Sally Kohn: Obama refuses to look at the chief security challenges of the 21st century.
Kohn: The body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in for their agendas.
The Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel.
The plane has been grounded by the weather in China.
Pilot Bertrand Piccard and engineer Andre Borschberg are taking turns flying the plane.
Hillary Clinton's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be.
French prosecutor says he's not aware of any video footage from on board the plane.
Bild and Paris Match report that a cell phone video was recovered from a phone at the crash site.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had battled depression, airline says.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture.
He was thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Mogadishu.
A woman and a boy are among the dead, police say.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described Yarmouk as "the deepest circle of hell"
Jihad Ya'qoub, the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee, was born on March 30.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Britt McHenry apologized on Twitter for "insulting and regrettable things"
Many celebrities seem to remember to "treat other people the way you would want them to treat you"
Kate Parker shot daily images of her daughters to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition.
She hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children's lives.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure.
Canavero hopes to get a buy-in this summer when he presents his plan to the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopedic Surgeons.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation is located in rural central Florida.
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018.
The center is also focused on breeding the animals.
Wladimir Klitschko says Ukraine is suffering in the war with Russia.
Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion.
The Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against Bryant Jennings.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed.
CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz.
His lawyers say he made up his account of the crime.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning.
Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery"
The awards are set to be handed out June 7.
Gao Yu, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping tells CNN.
She was convicted last November of revealing state secrets.
The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9"
North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called thedemocracyclub.org.
"My flight is not a secret," Hughes wrote in an online post titled "Your Pilot"
Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan says Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, arrested in Australia.
At least 55 dog carcasses found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports.
Two Bundaberg residents each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel.
The government markets the sanctioned mayhem as a catharsis that reduces crime.
"I want them all to go back home," says Rev. Jamal Bryant.
"For us to come out of the burial and walk into this is absolutely inexcusable," he says.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," one juror tells CNN.
"To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die -- that's indifference," another says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man.
Emy Afalava has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.
David Frum: Abraham Lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his Midwestern roots.
Frum: Lincoln's most infamous ruling was the pro-slavery Dred Scott decision in 1857.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
We are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against African migrants.
Blue Bell temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants over listeria contamination.
The company is shutting down the Broken Arrow facility "out of an abundance of caution"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty.
"No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime," his attorney says.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was arrested overnight in Chicago.
Authorities had been looking for Taylor since early Wednesday.
He jumped a correctional officer and then took off with the guard's uniform and SUV.
Actress Alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband.
Heathrow Airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3.
The trailer conveys Winehouse's ambivalence about fame.
Australia agrees to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australia is an important ally of the United States.
At least three people are shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri.
The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks.
Cassandra C., 17, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December.
She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence.
The defense portrayed Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
They now shift to the younger brother who tagged after him "like a puppy"
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence.
It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Jeremy Renner was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"
Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder.
"When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong," judge says.
Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also get seven years on probation.
India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission within hours of the quake.
It delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine.
The Baltimore riots did not seem to have had much to do with baseball.
Sports knows well that it sits within the larger context of the world.
South African troops deploy as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence.
Their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday.
A Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner"
The Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
Ben and Shelby Offrink were married and raising two small children in Caledonia, Michigan.
Shelby's cancer, which had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University.
He has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.
Edwin Sabuhoro is a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
He volunteered to infiltrate poachers by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla.
His next move was to visit the jailed poachers to apologize for tricking them.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed.
It's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
Lindsey posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling.
The clinic fired Lindsey and publicly distanced itself from her actions.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment in the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
The film stars Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident in late 2013.
Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times.
"We're in a new era," Gov. Jerry Brown says.
The 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Most of the parks that charge a fee are free year-round.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies.
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in January.
Bar owners and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday.
The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
The sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
The 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is Friday.
Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
A growing number of scholars and world leaders believe that what happened should be called genocide.
The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium.
The taco cannon will shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter confirm.
Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
He won a Grammy Award in 1959 for best performance, documentary or spoken word.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias.
Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain.
"Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art," she says.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it.
The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner apologized for comments they made during a press tour.
Fans on social media didn't take it lightly.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of using weapons of mass destruction and aiding and abetting.
The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
Tsarnaev's lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings.
Nashville prosecutors have offered female sterilization in plea deals four times in five years.
Dean Obeidallah: Is sterilization as a punishment unconstitutional?
Google Maps is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks.
This year the company rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
More than 25,000 people have fought Ebola infections, but more than 10,000 have not survived.
The "most severe public health emergency seen in modern times" showed the world its vulnerability to disease.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section.
The babies are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," veteran Nicholas Connole says.
Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix.
A second season will be coming in 2016.
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the quality of student-athlete education.
The NCAA is responding to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Two of the teens have been released "pending further inquiries," police say.
Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China's Fujian province sparked a huge fire.
The plant produces paraxylene, a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics.
Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of the fire.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel.
The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury.
Dean Obeidallah: I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott.
He says if not for the video taken by a bystander, this story would be shuttered behind the wall.
ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014.
A small group of Assyrians formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha.
Many see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the U.S. and Cuba.
But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
A second robotic probe has captured images of a strange green glow.
The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
TEPCO says the green glow could not be seen when filmed from other angles.
Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing shots at Walter Scott.
The video contradicts Slager's statement that he felt threatened.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, a top prosecutor says.
Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches, he says.
Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton.
In big policy choice, Clinton signals an important campaign focus.
Walker-Rubio? Rubio-Walker? A general contrast with some GOP buzz.
Freddie Gray was arrested without incident on April 12.
Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Gray subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for Thursday and Friday.
The storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.
A lot of the big names signing on to Team Clinton are already known.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years.
Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter.
Less than 48 hours ago, Kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.
The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs inexorably.
U.S. special operations forces rescue 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter.
Pemba Tamang was buried for five days under a building that pancaked.
He was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace.
India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen.
The flights are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers away.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.
The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, Cissy Houston says.
An estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV every year.
The prevalence of acute hepatitis C among people under 30 rose from 36% to 49% in six years.
The 100th anniversary of the mass killings is marked on April 24.
Peter Bergen: Despite all the setbacks, the Armenians will continue to speak out.
Three Orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler were arrested in October 2013.
Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m.
There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off.
President Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro are meeting in Panama.
Julian Zelizer: Obama has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits.
He says the U.S. has been losing ground in this increasingly important region.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit pairs middle-school students with professional musicians.
Since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service says.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places, the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety says.
Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted in January 2012 while working on a reconstruction project in Pakistan.
Two years later, he was killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state and local media report.
The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
China rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies.
To register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing an employee at a North Carolina college.
Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay.
Authorities are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime.
Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car.
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices.
Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound.
The company's tagline says it all: "Feeling without touching"
Ashish Thakkar is "Africa's youngest billionaire"
The Ugandan tycoon started small with a little computer shop.
Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday.
The owner of the door filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday.
The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional for Armenians and Turks.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire.
The fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night.
Seconds later, several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him.
Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirmed he is representing Kent.
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch.
"Don't misinterpret my shock!! I got to make out with the queen Madonna," he said.
Maysak has lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the Pacific Ocean.
It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph (115 kph) and gusts up to 90 mph.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the safety of the deputies and their families.
The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations.
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key.
The complaint was filed by an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant"
Key publicly apologized to a waitress after she complained about his behavior.
Jamal al-Labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says.
He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded, we are still experiencing its profound environmental and economic repercussions.
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted that his son only eats "hood doughnuts"
The elder Sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and a clothing line.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered in the streets of Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, state news agency Bernama reports.
Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, and Jamaluddin Jarjis, chairman of PR1MA Malaysia.
A 14-year-old boy is arrested in England on terror-related charges.
He urged an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead.
The teenager was arrested April 2 in Blackburn, Lancashire.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies before crash, official says.
Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, source says.
Kathmandu is not as visual as the Haiti earthquake (of 2010)
There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water.
People are hanging out in public squares to avoid rubble from buildings.
"We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says.
More than 100 people are arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Police in Malegaon, western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for cows.
Residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features'
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Police in Lucknow, India, have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray.
Views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go"
At least six people have been killed in xenophobic attacks in South Africa.
Zimbabweans make up about 4% of the total population.
The blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific.
Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
The blob also is affecting life on land.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season.
In 2014, the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell.
The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest.
Don McLean's "American Pie" is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock.
The song is alive and joyful, yet fretful about a world gone wrong.
The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans.
"There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans," charity says.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order.
Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday at her home in Mallorca, Spain, her son says.
The couple married in 1962, just as the Beatles were making their rise.
Myopia rates have doubled, tripled in most of East Asia over the last 40 years.
In South Korea, myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% in 2011.
The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest.
Peter Bergen: ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power.
He says the group has gained territory, cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of Sunnis.
Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery, the coalition says.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility a week ago.
Rishi Khanal was rescued after a French search and rescue team found him under the rubble.
The 27-year-old had just undergone surgery and was resting, surrounded by family and friends.
Millennials don't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
April 14 is Equal Pay Day.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should take a 23% pay cut.
He says such stunts are part and parcel of politics.
Kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College.
Al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
The Hatton Garden heist is not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins.
Roy Ramm, a former commander of specialist operations at London's Scotland Yard for 27 years, explains how such heists are organized.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day at United States stores.
Customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers"
The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s.
Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
He has come across as condescending and lacking basic cultural competency.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday.
The movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
A Lamborghini crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
The driver of the vehicle loses control and dies at the scene.
Petty Holdings offers a chance to drive or ride in NASCAR race cars.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed at a fan festival.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie.
The movie will take place between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Episode IV: A New Hope"
Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed.
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says about 900 refugees have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
Mike Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters.
PreGracke wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time.
His efforts helped him earn the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award.
Aaron Hernandez will be shipped to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison.
The prison is called Souza, for short, and it's the state's newest prison.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
The former NFL star is accused of killing the semi-pro player in June 2013.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
His opinion goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans.
Sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights.
Sally Kohn: Everglades look like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you.
Kohn: Without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in Florida.
Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day.
The fate of the five will be revealed by April 13, as their case reaches the legal time limit.
Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993.
Anthony Stokes was rejected for heart transplant in 2013.
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him.
A week after his story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a jewelry heist.
The thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds.
Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa that inevitability is not unbreakable.
O'Malley was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated.
The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him.
Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge planned executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title.
Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover were second with 84.696.
Switzerland's Steve Guerdat wins his 10th World Cup jumping title in Las Vegas.
Flight 448 had been bound for Los Angeles.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the cargo hold.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957.
It has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
Putin defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Putin's annual Q&A session is fascinating for ordinary Russians.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from Jeffrey Epstein.
Buckingham Palace denies the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January.
South Korean intelligence agents say Kim Jong Un has executed 15 senior officials so far this year.
A lawmaker says he was given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service.
Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island.
Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 completely this year.
Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son.
"Odin was my first best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother says.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Last week, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus.
Mohamud is suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment.
Three previously arrested men were charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Ted Cruz says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels.
Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues.
Russia canceled Kim's trip to Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of World War II.
Peter Bergen: It's possible that Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position.
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
Paul Bettany is set to play the Vision in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel.
The movie is due out in theaters on August 7.
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya.
In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants.
Joss Whedon is accused of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods.
Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard.
Gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.
NATO says the exercises are not a deliberate response to Russia's increasingly brazen behavior.
The numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
He was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on $5,000 bail.
Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove reference to his great-great-great grandfather's slave ownership.
Julian Zelizer: PBS did the right thing by including Affleck's ancestor in episode.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, when she tried to repel a bee.
The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Walter Scott.
The video shows Scott running away with his back to the officer.
Scott's brother says his brother was "running for his life" to escape more of the Taser.
Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history.
David Frum: Abe is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of national interest.
Suspect Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is "armed and dangerous," police say.
The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca dismisses allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing.
The case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor was found dead in January.
TV5Monde loses control of its channels and social media outlets.
The network says it was "hacked by an Islamist group"
The outage began around 8:45 p.m. Paris time on Wednesday.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit.
Grieving Iraqis gathered to pray over the bodies.
Marilyn Mosby is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States.
Mosby is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby, who represents areas of West Baltimore where riots erupted.
None of the rescued girls has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists.
A third of Americans use alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies.
Homeopathic medicine is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
The cult 1990s TV show was set to return in 2016.
The five women were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou last month.
They will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements restricted.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has found the lost city of Lagunita.
Since 1996, he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
Det. Ian Cyrus is suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000.
Cyrus is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau.
Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, a spokesman says.
The Islamist militant group has battled the country's government for years.
Officer Michael Rapiejko drove his car into an armed suspect in Marana, Arizona.
Police chief Terry Rozema says the move could have killed the suspect.
Valencia's attorney says "it is miraculous that my client isn't dead"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's sentencing phase begins on Tuesday.
David Frum says the Boston Marathon trial showed that the system does work.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.
The battle with Al-Shabaab is not a new one, and every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable.
Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory.
Sen. Rand Paul announces he will run for president.
In Chicago, voters will head to the polls in a runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and challenger Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula offers 20 kilograms of gold for killing or capturing two opponents.
The gold reward would be worth about $774,000.
Yemen has been descending into chaos since Houthi rebels forced President Hadi from power in January.
The new law will take effect in six months.
It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21.
The state's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed.
As with all things relating to the monarchy, there is a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive.
The latest outbreak of bird flu is the worst in the U.S. since the 1980s.
The CDC and the USDA are preparing for the worst just in case.
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging along with 13 members of his group.
The sentences will be appealed.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters.
The National Weather Service says a tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri.
Sally Kohn: Govs of Arkansas and Indiana surprised by backlash over "religious freedom" bills.
Kohn: Evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations.
She says companies that sell goods and services to the public are learning support for discrimination threatens bottom line.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
He didn't reveal, however, whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
Arias expressed remorse for her actions.
A study found 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed.
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
James Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
David Frum: U.S. is not doing nearly enough to address the problem of terrorism.
He says it's not because we don't recognize the problem, nor that we talk the talk.
A Delaware family fell ill at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The EPA says methyl bromide may have caused the illness.
Christopher Scarver says Dahmer would leave fake limbs around the prison where others would find them.
Scarver was convicted of killing Dahmer and another inmate in 1994.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home.
She escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam.
Sitoula's husband Mahendra says he called out for help for hours after the quake.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children.
Lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium's storytelling power.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone article about purported gang rape was flawed.
Zelizer: Can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or other fraternities sue for defamation?
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"
The 92-year-old died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
Google's real-time traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, automobile accidents, stalled cars.
Peter Bergen: Waze poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata.
The Airone was carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians.
Food Policy Action has relaunched the Eat Well Guide, an online directory of 25,000 sustainable farms, restaurants, food co-ops and farmers' markets.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990.
It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish"
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls Iran's nuclear deal a historic mistake.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran.
He took his case to the U.S. Congress over the objections of President Barack Obama.
"All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals that Bobby Drake is gay.
The character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "X-Men's" films.
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases of HIV in Indiana.
The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
Dean Obeidallah: U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical.
He says Iran is gaining influence because of the issue that made it a pariah.
Jurors say they came away satisfied with their decision.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
The pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
Howard Kurtz: NPR's "Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians"
Kurtz: It's time to call this persistent meme what it is: a misleading distraction.
Michelle Keegan is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street"
Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack.
Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film.
Ben Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film's production in Italy.
Boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will be the last nationally relevant fight for a very long time.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
Two of al Qaeda's leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January, al Qaeda says.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students.
Hicks turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report examines the persecution of activists by the Taliban and tribal warlords.
For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series.
The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean.
It is home to just under 270 people.
The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure.
Jay Z tweeted that Tidal has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on Spotify.
He launched the subscription-based music service last month.
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942.
It was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver.
The sinking was the stuff of legend.
At least 147 people were killed in the attack at Garissa University College, Kenya.
The bodies of four Al-Shabaab attackers remained where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
Investigators marked the locations of students' bodies with numbered tags.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis.
The Houthis have taken over large swaths of Yemen.
Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, a new study says.
The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level.
Public health experts offer a number of cultural and economic explanations for the increase in excessive drinking.
World's leading showjumping and dressage horses reach Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week, which boasts an $8 million budget.
Showjumping comes here for the showbiz -- Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots"
The actor Ben Affleck put pressure on him because the segment would have aired his family's dirty laundry.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House.
The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese.
U.S. housing agency says 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing.
HUD is working with local partners across the country to do just that.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say.
The scheme came to light after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November.
About 350 migrants are being held in a facility just outside Tripoli.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops.
Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies of "The Interview" across the border from South to North Korea in balloons.
He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen.
NEW: Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations.
NEW: Protesters gather in Union Square for "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Protesters chant "Black Lives Matter," "Justice for Freddie Gray" in Washington.
A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days.
The cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king.
J.J. Abrams and the "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" cast showed off the new film.
The audience gasped, cheered and applauded.
It wasn't CGI, either, as much of the movie was filmed on actual sets.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning.
Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
Full screening of airport employees would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection"
Full physical screening of employees also "is incapable of determining a person's motivations"
Only two major airports in the U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
One person may have died.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died Thursday at 88.
Schuller was the founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather.
About 300 people were evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform.
At least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours.
Valerie Braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris.
"I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham says.
"I apologize. I sincerely apologize," Patrick Cherry says.
The NYPD detective faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance.
"No good cop can watch that without a wince," police commissioner says.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands.
The ship survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on "The Partridge Family"
She played tambourine and percussion in the band.
Four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday.
"It's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," a New York woman says.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signs a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure.
Supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step.
Opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
"No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks," government says.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a government spokesman says.
The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Nick Paton Walsh says.
"A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Buhari says.
He says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast.
Buhari defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about 2 million votes.
Nepalese's Kathmandu Durbar Area was reduced to rubble.
The Kasthamandap temple had caved in and Temples that sat on staircase-style pyramids were now dust.
A Beijing-backed election proposal tabled Wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto.
Hong Kong's chief secretary Carrie Lam said that if approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
The 56-year-old TV personality was born and grew up in the Mao era.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison says he meant no disrespect to Frank Kaminsky.
Harrison says he wished Kaminsky well in Monday's national title game against Duke.
A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
A predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if sanctions are removed, President Hassan Rouhani says.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final.
U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz estimates it would take six months for sanctions to be lifted.
Five years after the Macondo oil spill, the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
BP says birds, fish, turtles, sub-sea vegetation and sediment species were all affected.
Scientists continue to study environmental impacts, but long-term negative effects remain unclear.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the bombings.
The death penalty is on the table.
Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Witnesses say a male walked through a public area and shot himself.
The lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET and pedestrian traffic was allowed.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa.
The day marks the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid.
A surge of refugees this year has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast.
Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz.
Peter Bergen: The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials.
Hillary Clinton made herself the center of her campaign announcement in 2007.
Clinton is now betting that there is no better time for her to make history as the nation's first woman president.
Tulsa County deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
The charge could land Bates in prison for up to four years if he's found guilty.
Bates' attorney says the shooting was an "excusable homicide"
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer says the show will return for a fifth season.
The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack.
Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, says he has reached a breaking point.
He says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States.
No arrests have been made.
Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, a Saudi source says.
The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal.
Turkish archaeologists found a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross.
The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
Nepal's neighbor India deploys teams to Kathmandu almost immediately.
Iran and six world powers agreed to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action"
The agreement paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression in Egypt.
Dahou was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they can share infections.
Katie Donovan, 24, and Dalton Prager, 23, had a successful lung transplant.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi.
The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour, during which it covered 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles)
Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed.
Lois Lilienstein was co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
The Canadian variety show was best known for songs like "Skinnamarink" and "Peanut Butter"
One cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours, a cotton lobbyist group claims.
Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year.
A plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose.
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second.
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang"
An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
The incident has raised concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails.
That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she doesn't want to "seek justice for optics"
The Baltimore police commissioner says no reports will be made public.
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls.
The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz's "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin.
Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $500 million.
Sally Kohn: Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz's case raises important issues about people burdened with mental illness.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial.
The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides.
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in Goa.
She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police say.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness.
In January, President Obama condemned the persecution of "people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender"
Transgender people have long been misunderstood and persecuted.
Jason Harrison was shot five times by two Dallas County officers.
The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics.
Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use.
The figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier.
The U.S. and its crew traveled to Aden to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
They were met by noise and desperation, shoving and shouting.
The number of deaths at sea has increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year.
The EU has unveiled a new ten-point action plan to deter asylum seekers.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to federal charges.
Mohamud allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans.
Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness"
The original scene was one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film.
President Barack Obama meets with his Cuban counterpart Raul Castro for an hour.
The meeting comes as the two countries work to end the Cold War enmity.
A key stumbling block -- Cuba's place on the list of countries that sponsor terror -- remains unresolved.
Iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the revolution.
The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year.
Iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer's Asian Cup.
Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
He is due to shoot Relativity's "Hunter Killer" with Gerard Butler in July.
Ramalinga Raju, former chairman of Satyam Computers Services, fined $804,000.
Satyam was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case in 2009.
A complete skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna in 2006-2007.
DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel.
Taylor Swift says her mom has been diagnosed with cancer.
The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
An Alaska Airlines employee asked her how she was doing.
Sedway responded by saying she sometimes felt weak.
Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind.
There is no cure for either disease.
Hillary Clinton launched a campaign to completely reframe who she is, what she stands for and how she intends to run.
Julian Zelizer: Her launch may have been much more successful than critics think.
Davion Navar Henry Only had lived his entire life in foster care.
The older he got, the less likely it was that he would be adopted.
A minster's family in Ohio asked him to come live with them.
Netflix has ordered a reunion special and a spinoff series.
The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as the recently widowed mother of three boys.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests against President Dilma Rousseff.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters.
He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday.
As many as 400 migrants have been lost at sea in the Mediterranean this year.
So far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives.
U.S. is a global leader in innovation, job creation, education, social mobility, literacy and child health.
Americans of color are disproportionately burdened by the failures of our justice system.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
Netanyahu says Iran is a country of "congenital cheating" and can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal.
Ronen Ziv's first child was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal.
Ziv worries his surrogate mother will not get the proper medical attention required for a safe birth.
An Afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded, police say.
No other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
Saudi Arabia executes a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta.
Indonesia facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row.
Suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau.
A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing.
The guard is in extremely critical condition.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world.
Monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, says WWF report.
The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in the report, Reviving the Ocean Economy.
Iran's President hails the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program.
"Some think that we should either fight... or we should surrender to other powers," he says.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week.
Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture.
Now popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The bus was stopped because it wasn't displaying U.S. Department of Transportation stickers.
Adam Gadahn, 36, was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda.
He was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
Police say a 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop.
One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, are making their debut album in Los Angeles.
The sisters were born in Mogadishu but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991.
They are now gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects.
Koch Industries will remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions.
David Frum: These policies help reduce recidivism by making employment accessible to job-seekers.
Sally Kohn: Corinthian Colleges closing all of its remaining 28 campuses is a positive development.
Kohn: We can't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges, which get 86% of their funding from federal student loan money.
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard.
Jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic.
The rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle.
Greenpeace is furious over a decision last week by U.S. authorities to lift the suspensions on leases.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev will leave the show at the end of this season.
Dobrev posted on her social media accounts that she had "the journey of a lifetime"
Fans were upset that Dobrev's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement.
A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
Kim Jong Un is expected to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations.
This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home, about 18 miles from one of the front lines with ISIS.
The vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar, which is near the border with Syrian Kurdistan.
Yarmouk was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s.
Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
The Syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign.
Astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone.
The odds of discovering humanlike life on them are about the same as winning your state lottery with one ticket.
A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked what she says was her last fashion-show runway.
Les Moonves' waiter offered Moonves an "in" to Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao.
Gabriel Salvador says he was driven more by his passion to see the fight happen than any real connection to trainer Freddie Roach.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder.
He was arraigned earlier this week on charges of assault and battery.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted.
The photographer had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him.
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week.
Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
Julian Zelizer: Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became president.
He says the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial.
Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire"
Blackwater said its convoy came under attack.
Michael Slager, a white police officer, killed an unarmed black man after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Dean Obeidallah: The event raises broad, troubling questions about how often such incidents take place.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" to refer to the Armenian genocide.
Turkey recalled its Vatican ambassador for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago.
Turkey recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations"
The Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian rebuked Turkey.
Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks have been released.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus.
Eleven channels associated with TV5Monde went black late Wednesday.
The network's director says the network was "hacked by an Islamist group"
There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
"We were so in love and happy together," Adrianne Haslet-Davis tells a federal jury.
The jury must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done.
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s.
It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard.
Migrants have been arriving on Italy's islands for more than a decade.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
He's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices, to relations with America.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust.
Julian Zelizer: Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem, beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims.
Lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins and Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala.
The subjects of the experiments weren't told they'd been infected, the lawsuit says.
A court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors.
The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par.
Spieth reveals he will be staying true to his roots at next year's Champions Dinner.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public.
The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to address Congress Wednesday.
David Frum: Abe's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month's speech by Netanyahu.
U.S. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on Black Hawks.
But it is how Washington wants this to be, and even though the departure of American troops will be fractionally slower.
President Obama and Raul Castro met Friday night at a dinner for Latin American leaders.
The two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president.
Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
She is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of East Baltimore where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots.
The project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," President Obama says.
Iranian state television broadcast Obama's speech live, something many Iranians described as unprecedented.
"We have serious differences with the United States," Iran's foreign minister says.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Kim Bok-dong was a sex slave of the Japanese army from 1940 onwards.
She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do.
Several of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law.
Christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time.
Writer-director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle.
Bruce Jenner's second wife says she can "breathe a little easier" knowing he is transgender.
Thompson says she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"
The two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend.
Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003.
The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday amid a growing political scandal.
Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day"
Twitter paid homage to the 1995 film "Empire Records"
ISIS fighters seize several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, an official says.
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into physical altercations with police.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie Downey was there to promote.
Toya Graham, the Baltimore mom who pulled her son away from a riot, has been hailed as a hero.
Julian Zelizer says Graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent.
U.S. urges China to release five young feminists who face years in prison.
Authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou.
The detention has drawn harsh criticism from the international community.
The NFL draft begins on April 30.
The New England Patriots await the results of the "Deflategate" investigation.
Malala Yousafzai releases an "open letter" to the girls.
She says she was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school.
Nigeria recently held an election.
French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine.
The drugs are estimated at more than $105 million.
Sawyer Sweeten was 19 when he committed suicide, his sister says.
He was best known for his role Geoffrey Barone on "Everybody Loves Raymond"
Consumer Reports analyzed 70 million passenger trips over the past two years.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets and the highest percentage of award tickets.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for Thursday and Friday.
The storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers.
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad.
Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Malala Yousafzai.
The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
The Atlanta Hawks guard/forward was arrested last week after leaving a New York nightclub.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala.
The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
The state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients.
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans unlikely to end soon.
Ghitis: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy of our law enforcement.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
Julian Zelizer: We share unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change.
He says President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can guide us forward.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013.
Swangard joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients.
Carlsberg City will be home to 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space.
The area has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847.
It won "Best Master Plan" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009.
The new trailer for "Jurassic World" comes out Monday morning.
Chris Pratt's scientist character knows dinosaurs better than anyone.
The critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
The Weinstein Co. decided to sell it directly to Lifetime rather than book it into U.S. theaters.
Fatu Kekula was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck.
Experts call for enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude.
The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
Shibuya ward, one of Tokyo's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday.
Same-sex partners registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements.
Proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York.
The chase ended with "snipers" from the animals' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road.
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East.
A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued from Friday to Monday, the Italian coast guard says.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts.
The state is a slowly expanding natural disaster now in its fourth year.
Some Baltimore businesses are banding together to show their support for the city.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians who pay homage to the '80s on stage.
They were denied a trademark registration under the despised Section 2(a) of the trademark act.
The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines.
The researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs.
University of Michigan decides to proceed with screening of "American Sniper"
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie.
Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle.
The jailing of four Blackwater security guards is a positive step for justice, but not enough, says David Frum.
ISIS is using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq, he says.
"Daredevil" streamed its entire first season on Netflix on Friday morning.
Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.
The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Burger King will pay for Joel Burger and Ashley King's wedding.
The couple met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois.
German police arrest a man and a woman on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack.
The suspected target was a race planned for Friday, according to a terrorism researcher.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show.
Channing Tatum twerked for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail.
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria, activists report.
The UNRWA estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped.
Yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd less than a mile from his home.
Defense lawyer James Sultan says Hernandez had no conceivable reason to kill Lloyd.
The prosecution portrays Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
Video shows a mother smacking her son in the head repeatedly.
The woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone.
The good news? The sides are still talking.
Freddie Gray, 25, died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge.
His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011.
The remnants of the boat will be dried out, inspected further and taken to a landfill.
Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council.
Three of the six council members are black.
Ferguson has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination.
Elizabeth Warren has publicly criticized so-called "fast track" trade authority.
Obama has argued with Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack.
The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups.
Julian Zelizer: For many on the right the midterm election victories signaled that the "war on women" narrative was over.
"This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," Buhari says.
"Our thoughts and prayers, and that of the whole Nigerian nation, are with you today," he adds.
Nepal struggles to come to terms with devastation and tragedy.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks.
A small village community is off the main highway, down a dirt track.
Doctors are concerned that every bite and every sale delivers an unhealthy snack.
The International Agency for Research on Cancer declared Glyphosate, a probable carcinogen.
A reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say Robert Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital.
SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon.
The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds of supplies.
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday.
Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.
Jeffrey Toobin: Not all "warrants" are created equal.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
Angelo West, the gunman shot to death by officers, was black.
Search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size.
The search area would be bigger than the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones.
Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
Liberland is the world's newest micronation.
It is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from powers-that-be.
Its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
Africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent.
Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge of their partners.
The future of luxury in Africa is dependent on reforms taking place.
The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa.
The Canadian aircraft and their crews safely returned to base.
A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster.
His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday, April 25.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch.
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay.
"Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart.
Kenya freezes dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Jia Jiang's book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Jiang's book is part self-help and part motivational/autobiography.
Two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly.
Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015 while Rosberg has yet to climb onto the top step.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were the last Australian executed for drug offenses abroad.
Australia's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
Attorney General Eric Holder says prostitution "threatens the core mission of the department"
He doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo.
UNICEF releases a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods"
It also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards.
The FDA issued guidance in March that requires changes to a product's label.
The suit argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague.
E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female.
The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26.
Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's prime minister says.
The International Organization for Migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress.
Migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean for years.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
The tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with cargo planes.
Miami police have arrested 31 baggage handlers and ramp workers since 2012.
A CNN investigation earlier this year found that Miami and Orlando are the only major airports that require employees to be screened.
Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
The change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency"
Ron Lane was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
Authorities are looking into whether he is part of a white supremacist gang.
A New Jersey auction house has removed items from its April 17 event.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
A Facebook group seeks to get rid of the "I Love Lucy" statue.
The founder of the group says the issue is "not about me; it's about the statue"
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Phil Rudd, drummer for AC/DC, pleads guilty to threatening to kill and possession of drugs.
The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis.
Rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album had flopped in the charts.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
A majority of them are Nepalese, Indian and Chinese residents, but a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers.
Thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir.
"There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
Laura Bernardini has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
She has committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets.
Hillary Clinton has had a fairly smooth opening but made a minor mistake.
Sen. Rand Paul has already struggled to justify some of his recent announcements.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.
The private school didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws.
The U.S. is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations, says Peter Bergen.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
Eco-friendly car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts.
A team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University are currently applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2"
Their compact creation will travel to The Netherlands in May to compete in the European leg of this year's Shell Eco-marathon.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of the shooting emerge Monday.
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama "L.A. Law"
He also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of "That Championship Season"
Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouts into a megaphone.
Baltimore police release the names of six suspended officers.
Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War.
A Syrian woman and her two sons were smuggled into the Mediterranean by a smuggler.
They were taken in three small boats to the main ship, where they waited for three days.
A Cypriot coast guard ship arrived to rescue them and deport them back to Turkey.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations.
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo appeared to shrug off the diplomatic recall.
Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995.
David Frum: The bombing exposed something new: American citizens targeting their own government.
Melissa Atkins Wardy, author of "Redefining Girly," shared her story on Facebook.
A mom wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children.
The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters, Honey Lemon and GoGo.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people.
Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies.
The exact cause of Friday's blast is under investigation.
Hillary Clinton is about to get her first official challenger.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy.
The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s.
Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots.
Roxy Walsh was snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali when she spotted something special.
Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the ring was lodged in the rocks.
Walsh went to the 5,000 members of her company's Facebook page, Kids in Adelaide, to reunite Joe and Jenny with the ring.
U.N. official: Boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship.
Two of the survivors arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily.
The sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
In Haiti in 2010, well over 100,000 people are thought to have been killed by the shaking.
The Supreme Court will hear the issue of same-sex marriage on Tuesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
The emails were discovered during a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in Ferguson.
The emails make offensive references to President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama as well as Muslims and minorities.
Study: Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name.
O.C. Marsh named the dinosaur in 1879 after 25 crates of bones discovered at Como Bluff, Wyoming.
Comedian Chris Rock posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole.
He says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Lynyrd Skynyrd.
He died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto captures Cubans living in crumbling buildings.
Many Cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations sharing one dwelling.
Sandretto hopes to continue to document the changes on the island that occur as the United States and Cuba work to restore diplomatic relations.
Freddie Gray died one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
A 1,850-acre wildfire has burned nearly 2,000 acres in Miami-Dade County.
High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread.
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles west of Baghdad.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media.
Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.
Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Authors: The objective has always been to structure an agreement so that Iran could not develop a nuclear arsenal.
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose"
Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
Rolling Stone retracted an article about a purported gang rape that was never disputed.
Indian army plans to trek up Mount Everest to pick up waste from high-altitude camps.
The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings by police.
The incident took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state.
Alfred Taubman died Friday at the age of 91.
Taubman helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls.
Jason Rezaian will be tried soon on espionage charges, Tehran's chief justice says.
The Washington Post did not mince words on the allegation.
Chris Copeland was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub early Wednesday.
Two Atlanta Hawks were among those arrested, police and CNN affiliates say.
The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said.
More than 200 Nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by Boko Haram militants.
Millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return.
Charles Alasholuyi was one of those people -- from celebrities to world leaders -- voicing their anger via #BringBackOurGirls.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday.
The NFL suspended the 30-year-old running back in November over allegations he disciplined his son.
Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November.
Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last.
The band will play two shows in Pero's honor.
Norwegians will be the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement during the Masters.
Yoga-based moves address the key areas of the swing.
Sammy Griner, 8, is the Internet's most famous baby.
His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father is unable to talk or move, their lawyer says.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
John Travolta says he has not seen HBO's new documentary "Going Clear"
The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
Larry Johnson recalls the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the SkyWest Airlines flight.
"There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," he says.
The Senate passes the Medicare reform bill 92 to 8.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix"
The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
Joao Vaccari Neto faces charges of corruption and money laundering.
Vaccari is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff so far implicated in the investigation.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman says.
The film's producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role.
Lawyer for Robert Bates says documents verify some of his training as a law enforcement officer.
Documents show Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic.
The project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event"
The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film.
40 years ago today, the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge regime.
About 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint.
The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30.
Pope Francis calls for violence everywhere to end.
He asks that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
Jae Rockwell, founder of her local women's fitness groups, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable.
She traveled to Little Rock, Arkansas, to run a marathon.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday.
It's the most high-profile premiere yet.
The show is currently set to end after seven years.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012.
Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
Sailor says he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January.
His boat capsized two more times before crew members on a German-flagged container ship spotted him about 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga says he survived 13 or 14 months adrift on a remote atoll in the Marshall Islands.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate.
An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
Gunmen attack the Garissa University College in Kenya, killing nearly 150 people.
Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility for the attack.
Bishop Robert Finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse.
Finn was the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in connection with the church's long-running sex abuse scandal.
This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide.
President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America.
Retail sales more than doubled last year.
Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice.
Betty Whitehead Willis was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
She died over the weekend at age 91.
The U.S. military has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.
In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
As he fought the Nazis in World War II, his family fled.
This year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
In his obituary, his family asks that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent.
The five women were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday.
They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats.
The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems.
The 122nd diamond found at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas.
Visitors get to keep what they find at the state park's 37.5-acre search field.
Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January.
His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but the judge denied the request.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13.
The disease does not appear to be contagious.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning.
"They were shooting everywhere," Cynthia Cheroitich says of Al-Shabaab militants.
Kenyatta: "Our forefathers bled and died for this nation"
An 8-year-old girl needs surgery to remove blood clots from her brain.
Her grandfather has accompanied her to the capital from Panchhkal while her parents take care of her brother.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta scrubbed up at the request of a Nepalese medical team.
The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features.
One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda, his wife says.
Weinstein was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants, state media report.
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces, state-run news agency IRNA reports.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack.
ISIS operatives executed two groups of prisoners in Libya, according to a video released Sunday.
The Ethiopian government confirmed Monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups.
A 4-month-old infant was taken to a Las Vegas hospital Wednesday.
A search warrant was served at the family's home a day later.
Police found the body of the 3-year-old girl, who had apparently been dead for weeks.
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing in 2005.
He left behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account.
Robert Bates, 73, says he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead.
"Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Bates said in a video of the shooting.
Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body.
"I may be standing on one fake leg, but I'm standing here, stronger than ever," says Rebekah Gregory.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon in 2013.
Richard Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke, Time says.
Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies, penned many Time cover stories and authored four books.
Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign.
The airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa.
Rick Santorum says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's decision to sign a follow-up bill led to a "limited view" of religious freedom.
The Indiana uproar drew nearly all of the GOP's 2016 contenders into the debate.
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online.
We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges.
Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Police say a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
The man suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners.
Nearly 2½ million Americans are in prison; over 65 million people have criminal records.
Obama administration should learn another lesson from history.
Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal.
They are struggling in the aftermath of the disaster.
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the rifle.
Walmart says the store clerk acted appropriately, even using a code to alert security.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, on Wednesday when he saw a tree.
Warnock scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver, who appeared to be in shock.
"I just did what anyone would do, went right back to work," Warnock said.
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that has been viewed more than 1 million times.
The gorilla leaped toward the exhibit window and smacked into it.
Photographer Laurence Rasti used her Mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees.
Despite their status, they cannot earn a living in Turkey and it take years to get papers to go to a new country.
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband.
She's now carrying the third child of her attacker, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed.
"I didn't want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless," she says.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo"
The site gets billions of views every day.
The most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks.
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.
The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year.
The "push factor" is much greater than the "pull" of Europe, researcher says.
Walmart's opposition to a religious freedom law in Arkansas provides evidence of growing support for gay rights.
The company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.
Frida Ghitis: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith.
She says he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled, women and those of other faiths.
Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.
The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau began an affair with her 13-year-old student in 1996.
Letourneau gave birth to her young lover's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison.
ABC's "20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple Friday.
Percy Sledge died of natural causes, a coroner says.
Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her"
"When a Man Loves a Woman" became a cornerstone of soul music.
Erika Langhart was 24 when she collapsed on the floor of her Phoenix apartment.
She was taken off NuvaRing, a birth control, and died on Thanksgiving.
Less than a year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life.
New NYPD training materials were submitted to a federal judge on Monday.
They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
The NYPD has said the policy was used to deter crime.
Misao Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan.
David Frum says EPA's modeling is divorced from reality.
He says EPA assumes nuclear industry is essentially phased out by 2050.
Italian authorities launch a "vast anti-terrorism operation"
They go after suspects associated with al Qaeda.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden.
Huntley High School's blended learning program merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting.
Blended learning allows teachers to write the curriculum, with students giving feedback about the focus.
Sally Kohn: Nepal has made some remarkable progress on maternal and child health.
Kohn: The epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, makes the situation even more dire.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after his arrest.
Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down.
#RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the United States.
Margaret Hoover: Clinton's loss would perpetuate the myth that women cannot win big elections.
Amnesty International says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in the South Asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani says Japan's Air Self Defense Force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object.
Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism.
Fethiye Cetin, now in her 60s, is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
She tells Heranus' story in an evocative memoir titled "My Grandmother"
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products.
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing.
The film is being produced by CBS Films.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common.
O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor.
Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia.
Mary Jane Veloso's family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison.
The Filipina maid and mother of two was spared, at least for now.
Veloso was arrested in 2010 after $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in her luggage.
71 people were sentenced to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings.
The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday, the Turkish military says.
The group included four children, the oldest being 10 or 11, a Turkish official says.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
There is something you can do to make an impact.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night.
Eric Church & Keith Urban provided an opening wallop.
Taylor Swift was heating up the audience by singing and swaying along to country staples.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Hernandez appeared to shake his head "no" as jurors found him guilty of first-degree murder.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.
The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India.
William Melendez, 49, is accused of beating Floyd Dent, 57, during a traffic stop.
Dent, a veteran Ford automotive worker, was arrested after the January traffic stop on charges of drug possession, assaulting an officer and resisting arrest.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies.
David Frum: FedEx is the new defendant in the war on drugs.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. in Wisconsin two years ago.
They were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay.
But people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana.
Kenyan citizens use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income.
The remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day, or $22.
Sweden also created a "gender equality bonus"
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Iranians celebrate a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers.
The deal promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions.
Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build lie in ashes between Tigris and Euphrates.
Christian communities are united in what Pope Francis has called an "ecumenism of blood"
Obama says he is "absolutely committed" to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.
Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
Despite Modi's big pro-business push, India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might.
World Happiness Report: People who live in happiest countries have longer life expectancies.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015.
Iceland jumped from ninth to second place this year.
In about five years, the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
John Sutter: Obesity is becoming a national security issue.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials.
He is accused of killing two men and wounding another person in 2012.
Mohamed Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network," Kenya's Interior Ministry says.
Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years.
He is in charge of external operations against Kenya, the document says.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The governor of the Virgin Islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013.
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split in May 2014.
Loeb is suing the actress to prevent destroying their embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces firestorm from critics.
Critics say it uses faith as pretext to discriminate against gay people.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to Anbar province.
The government feels restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into Iraq's capital.
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
Police stressed that they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
Americans on the no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights.
The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment.
Police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault.
A 15-year-old has also been arrested.
There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime.
"Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students," hospital says.
The women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.
A tractor-trailer smashed into a line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident.
Five Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities.
They had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment"
Selena's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment"
Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology, her sister says.
Mitchelle Angela Blair was arraigned this week on murder and torture charges.
Blair was arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two of her children inside a freezer.
Cyclist Wang Pingan had his bike stolen just days before completing his epic trip around China.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had earlier turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
The FBI is often successful, but every once in a while, the suspects get away.
The FBI's goal is to prevent "homegrown attacks" before they happen.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults.
The trend is taking off in the U.S. too, with the publication of titles like Virginia-based art therapist Lacy Mucklow.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director.
The film is set in a besmirched and decaying Detroit.
Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project.
A Wall Street Journal report says North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
Peter Bergen says the report is only part of a troubling story.
Britt McHenry says she allowed her emotions to get away from her during stressful situation.
McHenry is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months.
Julian Zelizer: ISIS and Boko Haram have a strategy beyond the battlefield.
Zelizer: Their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their radical strategy.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "No, we don't have to call them thugs"
The Rev. Jamal Bryant: "These are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children"
Baltimore native Kevin Shird: "Thug" is "not like the n-word in my mind"
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for president.
Julian Zelizer says the mononymity doesn't seem to be unwelcome.
He says the American public is smart enough to distinguish between this Clinton and that Clinton.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
"Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday.
He's charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
The death toll rises to 3,218, a government official says.
The quake struck Nepal two days ago, killing at least 17 people.
A video shows rescuers desperately trying to free a man who is hurt but alive.
Celoron, New York, mayor offers to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue.
The bronze figure of comedian Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "Walking Dead" zombie.
A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region.
Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a security official says.
Charlie Hill is considering leaving his safe haven in Cuba and returning to the United States.
Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
The United States and Cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai built a prototype house with water.
The house was built with a grant from the EU, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts.
Gutai says the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers.
Peter Greste planted Gallipoli rosemary in his backyard.
Australia's participation in the war was contested from the outset.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner"
Neil butchered the song before the Las Vegas Outlaws Arena Football League game.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, also hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3"
The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Legacy" in the sequel.
The project is now looking to shoot this fall.
"The Late Show with David Letterman" will air on Wednesday, May 20.
Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton among the notables.
Erica Kinsman has accused star football player Jameis Winston of rape.
Kinsman says Winston raped her in December 2012.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
Crombie played Gilbert Blythe in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies.
The Apple tablet had all the personal touches.
It also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the Pope's personal secretary.
Graffiti written in a French chalk quarry dates back almost 100 years.
Four of almost 2,000 soldiers have recently been found underneath battlefields near Naours, France.
Vin Diesel said "Furious 7" will probably win best picture at the Oscars.
Some might argue that the movie goes against type for Academy Award nominated films because the cast is so diverse.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya.
It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
Marleni Olivo, 54, threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit, just above the left ear.
The Palestinian Authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court.
It gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line.
The ads will be featured in stores, on television, in print and on billboards.
CNN's John Sutter will be covering climate change for the rest of the year.
He's asking readers to vote on which of these stories they like best.
The poll closes Monday, April 27, at 5pm ET.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's series "Treesome" reflects his travels through France and countries in Central America and Asia.
Each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," says climber Carsten Pederson.
"And immediately after the shock, we hear avalanches from all the mountains around us," he says.
The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot.
The relief flight is a joint effort between Indian air crew and Nepalese army medical team.
The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted a Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan.
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she said.
The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested.
Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia.
The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Andrew Lesnie worked with Peter Jackson on six "Lord of the Rings" and "Hobbit" films.
The cinematographer recently polished off The Water Diviner, the directorial debut of Russell Crowe.
Anthony Ray Hinton says he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers"
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
Patrick Dempsey's character, Dr. Derek Shepherd, died Thursday.
Dempsey still has a year left on his "Grey's Anatomy" contract.
A massive brawl involving two dozen people at a Queens, New York, casino was captured on video Friday night.
Cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
Danny Kahneman and others have shown that happy endings matter.
Kahneman: Even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight.
Video shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp.
At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen.
It says many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon.
Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification.
It can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation.
Laser seeding can also trigger lightning.
Duke University students and faculty march after a noose is found hanging from a tree.
The noose was found near a student center at 2 a.m.
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Beatriz Paez says she was terrified when a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone.
Paez is also considering a lawsuit.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver beats rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
Rosberg says he is frustrated by Hamilton's last-minute speed.
Georgia grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
Nigalidze's opponent, Tigran Petrosian of Armenia, grew suspicious.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by five shots.
Tiger Woods finishes six under par.
Phil Mickelson finishes on eleven under.
Anamarie Shreeves is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
She creates almost no waste.
Six month's worth of garbage is similar to what the average person generates in half a day.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti.
Many Eritreans say it's been years and they're tired of waiting.
For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010.
Rogers and McGuire are simultaneously pragmatic and optimistic about the public's opinion.
Gov. Nathan Deal signs a bill legalizing low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus.
A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide.
Maickel Melamed, 39, completed the 26.2-mile race just before 5 a.m. Tuesday.
He was born with muscular dystrophy, which causes progressive weakness and loss of muscle mass.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
But there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country.
Liana Barrientos, 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
The three have been in jail since February 22.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban and the men will not face deportation.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto gives U.N. agency three months to relocate refugees.
Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"
Sally Kohn: Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the nation.
Kohn: He is an authentic voice who speaks without fear.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University.
He was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus"
Jake Tapper will take over CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"
He will remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead"
Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman offer tips on unleashing your creative potential.
Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts and even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention.
A positive outlook will stimulate a more open mind, one that can process a greater number of ideas.
Grand jury indicts nine members of a criminal syndicate.
The alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, a 45-year-old loading dock worker.
Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
Supporters rallied to a GoFundMe page in support of Memories Pizza.
LZ Granderson: Police were blamed for doing too little and doing too much.
He says police officers who weren't there don't know what happened to Freddie Gray.
A bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near Garowe, Somalia.
Four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF are killed.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
Vijay Chokalingam posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula.
The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee.
The Chicago Daily News was strictly limited in the hours it could publish.
The paper had a splay of white envelopes on President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Robert Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
He surrendered Tuesday morning and immediately posted bail of $25,000.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington.
He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
Korea's budda-jiigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War.
This particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on climate change.
Obama: "I think we've always known -- or at least in the 20th century we've understood -- that environment has an impact on public health"
Up to 25,000 Iraqi troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May, a U.S. official says.
"It might be some time from now. Might be soon," another senior administration official adds.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
The challenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week.
Paddy Power backtracks after tweeting that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings than an unarmed African-American male.
The tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the U.S.
The Irish betting company is well-known for its use of publicity stunts.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes treatment, police say.
She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo.
The 23-year-old has had a breakneck rise to success since his first post in November 2011.
McDonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory"
Carol Costello and Laurie Metcalf will play the mothers of Leonard and Sheldon.
Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in "Mom"
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Julian Zelizer: Hernandez walked into court with an air of bravado, his head held high.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died.
The aircraft went down overnight Monday about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington.
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting.
Sheriff's Office denies the allegations in the Tulsa World's report.
Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a sting operation in April.
Bates' attorney says the accusations are based on an affidavit from a former employee.
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responds to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
In March, Dollar appealed in a video to "friends from around the world" soliciting donations.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
Hillary Clinton's official announcement went online Sunday.
Social media responded in a big way.
Nearly 12 million parents in the United States are raising kids on their own.
Jody Farley-Berens helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of "Roots"
The original miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
His family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall.
Zuriel Oduwole is one of the world's youngest filmmakers.
Aged 12, she has four documentaries under her belt.
"A Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series which profiles five African nations.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.
A smuggler in Tripoli lays bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
Jill Duggar gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son Monday.
The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says she doesn't support a woman being president.
Sally Kohn: Hillary Clinton is "moving" to Canada because "a female shouldn't be president"
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
It will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday.
The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats.
Many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in Libya and elsewhere in the region.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
The movie is based on the DC Comics series.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari won the presidential election on an anti-corruption platform.
The victory shows ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites, writes Ogunlesi.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris.
Harris ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting.
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with salty water.
Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night.
Lauren Bacall's impressive art collection has been offered for purchase.
The 750-piece collection fetched a total of $3.64 million at Bonhams auction house in New York.
Bacall died in August 2014 at the age of 89.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers.
Haas was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint.
He will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army.
Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Rep. Adam Schiff: Ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues.
He says the turnaround and success are worth being excited about and sharing.
Mare Nostrum was a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril.
It was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton," under the auspices of the European Union's border agency.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales of assault after he made sexual advances at her.
Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
U.S. President Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region.
The DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer.
Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, police say.
Gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, officials say.
A New York judge has said Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce.
Ella Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, her attorney says.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku has refused to make himself available to be served.
Jennifer Stewart says she was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her pet cat.
The airline shipped more than 200 pets last year.
Photographer Andres Figueroa photographed religious festivals in the Atacama Desert.
The festivals attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in Chile.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on a sailboat for more than two months.
He was rescued after a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast.
His father says he was expecting his son to look different.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness in Mexico.
Arango had earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his team level.
But the 34-year-old overshadowed his goal with the bite.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training.
The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest.
Tim Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year.
As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across.
It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light.
This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences.
Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the DVLA’s database.
Motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity.
It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years.
Video includes plasma raining down on the sun, an extreme solar eruption and a comet breezing through the sun’s atmosphere.
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par.
Rose hopes to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy in the coming years.
The American hopes to win the US Open and Masters this year.
A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end.
Audrey Alexander, 54, claims the trees have knocked £20,000 off her property.
But Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay.
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family.
The dispute started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home.
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
Alan Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline.
Newcastle boss John Carver has asked for advice from former managers.
Carver has been left with a depleted and disinterested squad.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open.
Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
American Pie was written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean.
The lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle.
This week its lyrics were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of rules.
Also left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane.
Residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers'
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief.
All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them.
Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and wasn't aiming at the cops.
Fire crew scoured Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!'
Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds.
Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen and are expected to survive.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm)
Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injuries.
Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint and Mile Jedinak is suspended.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added.
Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses.
Milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise on the site.
Yelp has vigorously denied the claims in the film, which Milliken says will unveil shady advertising practices at the company.
Last month, Milliken released a trailer for her documentary in an attempt to fund the rest of the film's production.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Real Madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million.
City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from Royal Marsden NHS Trust.
She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding.
But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, were caught and both jailed last summer.
Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday.
The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann.
Locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season.
The 54-year-old actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny Hillary Clinton has faced.
'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years,' Julia, who also features on the cover of the supplement, explained.
Julia admitted that she is clueless as to why the presidential candidate's hairstyle has been the focus of such intense interest.
Tesla has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours.
Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall.
Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'
The device, which could be in homes by the end of summer, will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper.
Steven Finn believes he's regained his previous best form.
Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour but has been working on his run-up.
The 26-year-old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season.
The 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster will be held at Anfield.
Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond.
Manchester Untied shared a picture of Sir Bobby Charlton with Ian Rush to mark the anniversary.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million.
Manchester City and Chelsea are both keen on Sterling.
Sunderland are set to make a move for Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez.
Horrifying images show seals being shot and wounded before being dragged onto a vessel - where they are clubbed to death for their fur.
Animal rights charity Humane Society International captured shocking images of this year's commercial hunt off the coast of Newfoundland.
They say the baby animals 'are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying'
Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp, hooded and grey seals, according to HSI.
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 at Villa Park in the FA Cup quarter-final.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after the replay at Madejski Stadium.
The Royals beat Bradford 3-0 in a replay and one supporter entered the pitch.
Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand.
It shows the lions interacting with the people inside the cage.
A number of lions are fed directly through the bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back.
The people inside can be seen recording the lions from their phones.
England lost 2-1 to France in their final Euro 2016 qualifier.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet scored for the hosts.
Patrick Roberts scored the only goal of the game in the 79th minute.
Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is Swansea's understudy for Lukasz Fabianski.
Glen Johnson, who has 54 England caps, looks set to leave Liverpool.
Ron Vlaar, Luke Garbutt and Mikel Arteta are among the best free agents.
Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton want to sign Tom Cleverley.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum.
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening.
He was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
Obama was shown a trophy room where Marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested on Saturday.
He allegedly communicated with Australian men over a planned attack.
The alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police, who tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects.
Police are now working to shore up security for a string of Anzac Day events in London, including services at the Cenotaph and Westminster Abbey.
Teresa James, 40, from London, started whitening her teeth five years ago.
She was influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired.
The active ingredient in most professional whitening products is hydrogen peroxide.
It can cause sensitivity and burning when applied too often or at too high a dose.
Justin Rose is back training ahead of his next PGA tour event.
The Englishman was in top form at the Masters 2015.
Rose pushed winner Jordan Speith all the way on the final day.
The money is paid to 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits.
Campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear.
Mr King, from Melbourne, said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters.
He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
Dante de Blasio is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School.
Will make his decision by the end of the month.
Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover her son RJ's body with creams.
But while out shopping with him, she was surrounded by armed police.
A member of the public mistook his skin for the signs of abuse.
RJ suffers Netherton's syndrome, an incredibly rare illness.
It causes his skin to appear red and scaly and can also experience hair, infection and allergy problems.
The 35-year-old said she is also subjected to taunts in the street, with other mother's accusing her of burning RJ.
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today.
Reports suggest the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas.
The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)
It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light.
A holiday abroad left her in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell.
Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, tried to burn off her ex's name with acid.
The DIY treatment gave her chemical burns and left her skin red.
Tattoo Disasters star reveals her regrets on TLC show.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order.
Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying.
Wales could even secure a place among the top seeds at the 2018 World Cup.
Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0.
The Poland international also had a goal disallowed for offside.
Thomas Muller added a third goal with eight minutes to go.
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham Under 21s against Manchester United.
Oxford has been on the bench for the senior side this season.
The 16-year-old scored with a header in the 3-2 defeat.
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband Charles.
But his firm AppSense was valued wildly higher, and his stake was worth £132m.
Court of Appeal found Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information.
Mr Sharland refused to overturn the divorce settlement and will now take case to Supreme Court.
HBO NOW is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month.
Includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
Comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has donated 50 eggs to childless couples.
Mother-of-two has already enabled two couples to have twins.
In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
Depraved militants fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq have savagely beheaded a man accused of practising sorcery and witchcraft.
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media.
The victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back.
One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
Sterling was encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool's offer of £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar.
The clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent.
She then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Kane has scored 30 goals for Spurs this season and one on his England debut last month.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey craze.
He plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel.
Hotel in Folkestone, Kent, will cater for couples and multiple groups.
Food and drink will be provided as part of all-inclusive hotel package.
Stoke City goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is in the final year of his contract.
Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of the 27-year-old.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'
Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.
The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Premier League last year.
There is a meeting planned for after the season ends in May.
Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the Titanic up close.
The expedition takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 on Saturday.
The sixth-seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final.
Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign.
Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
Sapp, 42, was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women.
In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel.
He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting.
When it became too much, Sapp told her: 'Why don't you use your mouth on me, instead of using it. Just go. Just move
Selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group.
The tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit.
Miss Dicker was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg, who died in Saturday's avalanche.
Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search.
He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.
The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Ruby Walsh warned riders to go wide at the Canal Turn.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour.
The gelding likely suffered broken ribs.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara.
Cameron, who was 19 at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident.
Carrie Fisher, 58, and Mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Director JJ Abrams explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
A new study found that one in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments to achieve the ideal look.
Nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to their health.
Seven per cent, meanwhile, have actually had allergic reactions.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother, and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Steve Parish posted a picture of him with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman.
Wyman is one of the original members of The Rolling Stones and an avid Palace fan.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity.
The 58-year-old says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image.
Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana.
Mark Hawkins, 49, was shot dead following seven-hour standoff with police.
He barricaded himself in Greyhound-style bus in parking lot of Walmart in Salem, Oregon.
Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle, police say.
Bullet struck police dog named Baco in the head, prompting exchange of gunfire.
Hawkins was then taken to hospital, where he later died of his injuries.
Officers involved in shooting have been placed on administrative leave.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million.
Brazilian has not been able to play for the club without a work permit.
The 22-year-old has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for Arsenal.
Wellington can play as a winger or second striker, boosting Arsenal's attacking options with his versatility.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the win at the Bernabeu.
Ronaldo scored an eight-minute hat-trick as the visitors were swept aside.
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia.
The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map.
Some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Raheem Sterling is strong.
Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool.
Rodgers says he has no worries about Sterling leaving the club.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta on Sunday.
The 39-year-old swung the club into a root, causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony.
Woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself.
He ended up at 5-under-par on 283, tied for 17th.
This was Woods' best finish in a tournament in over a year.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing.
His wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her.
He pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face, leaving her with a black eye and a lump on her head.
Bulman was given a 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties.
Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
Reading lost 1-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici let a Alexis Sanchez strike slip through his grasp.
The 30-year-old apologised to Reading fans on Twitter.
Albert, a Selkirk Rex cat, has racked up 44.1k followers on Instagram.
The grey cat is named after famous physician Albert Einstein.
Albert's moody disposition has made him a mini-celebrity in his own right.
Karl Oyston has denied five Football Association charges for abusive text messages.
Oyston labelled a supporter a'retard' during the exchange.
The unpopular chief initially had until March 30 to reply.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about Russia's presence on its'strategically important' coastline following a spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations.
Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe.
But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway.
In February, a passenger plane had to be diverted to avoid two Russian bombers that flew through Irish-controlled airspace without warning.
Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Harris.
But the sheriff stopped short of saying Bates was qualified to use the gun he used when he killed Harris earlier this month.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders encouraged to charge Lord Janner.
She was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes.
Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.
But Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put him in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer’s.
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday night.
Juan Mata scored a brace to give United a five-point cushion.
Louis van Gaal's side sit fourth in the Premier League table.
United face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers.
There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties.
Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
Klitschko has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade.
The 39-year-old Ukrainian has 17 successful defenses in a row.
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off sleeper train at Penzance.
Travelled for eight hours from London's Paddington station to Cornwall.
Wore navy jacket, smart shoes and a red box for speech.
Amanda Berry, 29, and Gina DeJesus, 25, have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27.
The Cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors have revealed for the first time in their own words how they survived the traumatic ordeal.
In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco side face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday.
The principality club are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of European football's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years.
Jardim insists he is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months at the helm.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain.
His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her.
Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Lily Sharp convinced her mother she had been kidnapped by a stranger.
She then pretended to tell her mother that the intruder had her phone.
Lily then sent a picture of herself perched on their sofa.
Lionel Messi returned to Barcelona training on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule.
Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break.
The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June.
It stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is ready for it to be shown.
Cesc Fabregas left Arsenal for Chelsea in 2011.
Fabregas has been enjoying an impressive return to English football.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari insists the flag should be taken down.
The island of Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia.
It is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins were actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago.
Experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead of imprisoning them.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting.
He painted a self-portrait of him with a bullet hole through his heart.
It comes as images from Nusakambangan showed the artist in his cell.
Sukumaran's brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with Indonesian president to call off the firing squad.
His lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate's cell.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were stunned when CCTV revealed binman.
Rather than load bags into his lorry, bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins.
Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in same alleyway days later.
They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The Blues would look to loan Muto to Vitesse Arnhem next season.
Muto says he wants to join a club where he can 'play and develop'
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house in Blackburn, Lancashire.
The pet has attacked several terrified postmen.
Winston's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in the area.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale.
A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter.
Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.
The invasive fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake.
Goldfish are not a native species in Colorado and are very harmful to the local aquatic ecosystem.
Jordan Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round at the Masters.
Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with the midfielder.
Toure has struggled to hit top form this season.
Atletico Madrid went two goals ahead after just 10 minutes at the Vicente Calderon.
Antoine Griezmann opened the scoring for the hosts with a header.
Mikel Gonzalez diverted the resulting corner past Geronimo Rulli.
Diego Simeone's side are only two points behind city rivals Real Madrid.
Over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots.
They are now able to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity.
Yesterday, the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money.
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Lionel Messi scored his 33rd league goal of the season against Almeria on Wednesday night.
Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes at the Nou Camp.
Luis Suarez followed Messi's lead by scoring a similar left-footed strike to double the Catalans lead.
29-minute video shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive.
At least 16 men are lined up and shot in desert area in Libya.
12 others are filmed being forced to walk down beach before being beheaded.
This follows another video in February of beheading of 21 Coptic Christians.
It raises fears ISIS is consolidating its presence on the 'doorstep of Europe'
Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4.
The defeat sees Taylor finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
Chisnall moved up to second in the table after Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in their 0-0 draw at Burnley.
The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City.
Doug Hughes, 61, made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress.
Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace.
His wife, Alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington.
Sensing he may have gone too far with threat to wrestle Ukip leader to ground.
But Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Tory leader said: 'In this debate tonight, jujitsu, is that the right thing?'
Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have over a decade of history in the league.
Mourinho has scored 13 times for Chelsea against Arsenal.
Arsenal lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Samantha Harris at next year's fashion week.
The agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including Noreen Carr.
Dargin says high-end brands are hesitant to sign Aboriginal models because the fashion platform could be used for political purposes.
Mirko Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday.
Filipovic lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70.
Gonzaga insists he does not consider the fight as a rematch.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model.
She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly.
The 177-centimetre beauty was spotted by talent scouts in New York City in 2005.
Amy, 24, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals.
Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure the win.
Kevin De Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed several good chances.
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
Her mother dropped the bombshell that Phil - who raised Sarah - may not actually be related to her last year.
Determined to find out the truth, the pair went on the show to get an answer.
The pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship.
The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in Houston, Texas.
She was trying to get on the freeway when she honked at a passing SUV.
Dietrich Evans, 22, pulled up beside her and shot her in the head.
Evans, who is being held on $250,000 bond, is a documented gang member.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.
Smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control.
The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe, according to recent data released by KAYAK.com.au.
The ancient city of Athens in Greece is the number one choice for Aussies, followed by Istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of Turkey.
Toronto in Canada and Warsaw in Poland also make the top 10 list.
Dog grooming craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.
The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
Many owners are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of Rockingham County Superior Courthouse on Friday morning while jurors were deliberating claims that Goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student.
Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old.
Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag.
The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament.
Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday.
Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored for the Championship side.
Dougie Freedman believes the difference between the two sides was composure in front of goal.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service.
Pettingill robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones.
The 26-year-old sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family.
Justin Braddock, 34, was found unconscious in front seat of a car in DeLand, Florida.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia, 39, was flagged down by Braddock's sister.
He spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him.
Braddock was taken to hospital but fled and was later caught by deputies.
Saracens lost to Clermont in the Aviva Premiership semi-final last year.
Mark McCall's side must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the Premiership.
Sarries face Northampton at Stadium MK next Saturday.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours.
The McLaren driver said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance.
Button was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research.
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2,000.
The new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from The Daily Show.
British Transport Police have recorded 630 football-related incidents so far.
The number includes a number with a racial element, according to figures.
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: 'We haven't solved this type of behaviour'
He said the impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable'
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotians with their clubs.
Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems.
Walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury.
Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features, winning 62.50% of their Premier League games when he is in the team.
Dug the pug was hiking in Fontana, Canada, when he was bitten.
His owner, Lindsay Castro, backed away, but he ran up to the reptile.
The pug's face swelled to twice its size and he was rushed to hospital.
After two days of intensive treatment, he is ready to go home.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday night.
Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net before the linesman unfairly flagged him for offside.
The Reds striker posted a screen-grab of the incident to his Instagram page, with the message 'No words. This picture say it all'
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities.
A stroll through Times Square won't cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop.
Switzerland likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire.
The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
They opted to serve the seven days in Hakea prison rather than pay the fine, as they did not have sufficient funds.
Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11.
All 12 bookings they have out in Nepal have been accounted for and plans are being made to return them home.
British Foreign Office has advised tourists to follow local authorities' advice.
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillowcase which his smell clung to.
This inspired the 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent.
She teamed up with the Havre university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday.
Many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well.
There are still several dozen British travellers who have not been seen since the disaster on Saturday morning.
Charli, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
Man, 62, believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk.
Machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath.
His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
But he was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering a heart attack.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month respectively.
Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March.
Harry Kane missed out on player of the month after scoring five times.
Arsenal sit third in the Premier League, seven points behind Chelsea.
Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.
Investigators found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23 that included medical treatment and suicide methods.
The 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner.
Medical experts say it can also increase the risk of self-harm at
Prime Minister visited primary school near Bolton to unveil new policy.
Under future Tory government children who achieve poor SAT results will be forced to resit them in secondary school.
As Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table.
Labour's shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt dismissed the proposal as 'desperate'
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices.
It promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping.
But the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes 'craft beer'
Tottenham play Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday at 12.45pm.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have won two of their last 10 Premier League games.
Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy on the Europa League.
Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand’s picturesque coastline.
Filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand.
Video shows scenes of everyday life - from fishermen preparing nets to people relaxing by the sea.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland in February.
The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since arriving.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.
Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz.
It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.
The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
HBO has warned internet users that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21.
Tens of thousands of Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology.
Users are paying $US14.99 per month plus the costs of using a geo-blocking service.
Meanwhile Foxtel is charging Australians around $45 a month to access Games of Thrones.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for the visitors.
Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iPhone.
Fernandes also reserved praise for manager Chris Ramsey.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media.
Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front.
The DHKP-C is considered a terrorist group by Turkey, the European Union and US.
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall.
The summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four, and they can be used separately to provide lots of space for a family.
Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove on Cornwall’s north coast.
California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year.
The vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop.
It is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives.
Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency.
Kyle Naughton was sent off for a challenge on David Meyler on Saturday.
The Hull midfielder was left in hospital with ankle ligament damage.
Naughton will miss the rest of the season with the injury.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday.
The US were beaten 3-2 by the Italian duo in the doubles rubber.
Errani and Flavia Pennetta were thrashed 6-0 6- 3 by Williams and Alison Riske.
In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today.
Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers, which bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year.
Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service.
The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent.
It boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol' and so-called'martyrdom operations'
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.
Plant geneticists say their finding could lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Four Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' during the prank.
The pranksters wore Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks to hide their identity.
As the famous A-Team soundtrack kicks in, a narrator claims: 'In 2004, a Portuguese general known as the special one put together a crack commando unit'
Officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico.
The EPA and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied.
Methyl Bromide, which is odorless, can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system, according to the EPA.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith.
He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail that the Liberal party offered hush money equivalent to a month's wages to an activist.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson.
Attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed'soon'
Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday.
The striker scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Kane has now become the Premier League's youngest captain this season.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony.
Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with knee ligaments damaged.
Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness.
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries.
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years.
The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record.
He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
Former Met Police commissioner to be investigated over allegations of cover-up.
IPCC said it will investigate claims he failed to hand over key information.
The probe stems from a complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000.
He served five years as the UK's most senior policeman.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan.
Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters.
Ian Poulter tweeted: ‘P****d off with his performance from around the greens’
Hydrogel is a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
But with 11 days to go until the fight, no tickets are on sale.
SeatGeek, which claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000)
Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has blamed Mayweather's side for the lack of tickets.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Vettel was second, with Kimi Raikkonen third and Valtteri Bottas ninth.
The Drug Enforcement Agency program was created in 1992.
It monitored every phone call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking.
This is the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
She shaved her head with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture.
Graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off.
Short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
The judge told her to stay out of trouble but she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece Tracy.
Barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set.
The parents of Michael Brown have filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the city of Ferguson over the fatal shooting of their son by a white police officer.
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday.
They called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events.
The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham.
Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool finish.
Aitor Karanka's side stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table.
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years.
She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
Tipper, from London, grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants, Chinese medicine and organic produce.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
Players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point.
There are eight levels, and as a player progresses the squares change orientation or add borders to make it harder.
On the desktop version the game lets you continue until the timer runs out, but on the mobile apps players can't progress until they have scored more than 20 points.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, sentenced to life in prison for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and son Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August.
Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970; Brent's father, Herbert, later received nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
Judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)
She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.
She has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS.
Spent £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
Has had initial appointments and is booked in for £10,000 treatment in September.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
Gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of NSW.
'The umbrella graveyard. #sydney #takemehome,' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu.
He became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday.
Medics had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.
His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of killing his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year.
The church treasurer's Mitsubishi L200 Animal veered off the M1 at 84mph.
Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital but died two days later.
Walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, denies murder.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
Tomkins will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016.
Wigan received a world record transfer fee, thought to be around £700,000, for Tomkins when they agreed to release him in September 2013.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite.
When POMCs are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese.
The team, led by the University of Michigan, looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season.
Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Lucien Favre is the man to replace Guardiola.
Hitzfeld says Favre can get the best out of players like Raffael.
Tim Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the quarterback.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Rosberg accused team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'
Hamilton led the Chinese Grand Prix to his fourth win of the season.
AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream.
McCoy will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas.
Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February.
He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4.
The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012.
Scott Quigg offered £1.5m to Carl Frampton for a British super-fight.
Eddie Hearn made the offer live on television on Tuesday.
Frampton has called on the Matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer.
Ben Parson, 34, of Brighton, East Sussex, stopped to propose to girlfriend.
Anna Jefferson, 36, was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon.
She feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down.
Ben got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events.
The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call.
Greig and Michael Christian posed as the Queen and Prince Charles as part of the prank in 2012 to gain information about the Duchess.
Jacintha Saldana took her life two days after taking the call, blaming her decision on the actions of the Australian radio hosts.
Michael Slager is facing an accusation of murder - but won't face the death penalty.
The North Charleston police officer can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances'
It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit.
Dave Sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper.
The 36-year-old personal trainer is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
Mr Sim attempted the L'Etape du Tour on the Chopper last year and finished in the top 20 per cent.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Gunners moved four points clear of Chelsea in second place.
Ivan Gazidis says the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder has agreed a deal worth more than £100,000 per week.
Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his car on Tuesday.
He was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have since revealed.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested in Brent, north west London, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
Jordan Spieth collected £1.23million for winning the Masters - as well as the coveted green jacket.
Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth.
Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the final round at Augusta on Sunday.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on March 19 and never regained consciousness.
Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest.
But he missed the whole thing being asleep!
He even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild.
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends.
Louise Redknapp says it is a welcome relief from the skinny jean.
She recommends pairing a wide-leg with a simple knit.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter.
The Football Association will be contacting QPR and Chelsea.
QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Victory would put United within five points of the Blues.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back.
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.
Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
Hillary Clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, it is claimed.
She said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there.
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’, according to a new book.
Simon Mignolet posted pictures of himself in an aeroplane cockpit on Facebook.
The Liverpool goalkeeper was on international duty with Belgium.
He was included in Marc Wilmots' match-day squads for Cyprus and Israel.
Mignolets is back in England ahead of Liverpool's Premier League clash with Arsenal.
The veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp.
Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
Veins such as these form where fluids move through cracked rock and leave minerals in the fractures, often affecting the chemistry of the rock surrounding the fractures.
Post Office asked forensic accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system.
Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting.
Some were sacked, stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches.
Report has sparked fresh calls for a full independent inquiry into the computer system used by postmasters.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor posted a video on YouTube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand.
Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria.
He reportedly burned his passport upon crossing the Syrian boarder and posted to Facebook that his move to Syria was a 'one-way trip, no going back'
An FBI agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites.
Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break it free from the lock.
Liverpool have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.
Newcastle have not added to their points tally of 35 since they beat Aston Villa on February 28, some four games ago, and have scored just once in the process.
Prime Minister accused SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger'
He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of poll.
But insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
Comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'
Electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision.
The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size.
It was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs, possibly damaging local ecosystems.
But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region.
Five islands have already been made, with two more in development.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
He claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the EU.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games.
The Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
Angela Linton was banned from her son's school after abusing staff.
The 47-year-old wrote a homophobic message in the child's pass book.
She was also told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth.
Dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat, she was seen riding a number of different horses.
The event continues until Saturday evening, when she is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed large kidney stones.
They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys, which eventually build up into a solid lump.
The cause for his condition, doctors believe, was low fluid intake.
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign.
The fitness fanatic, who recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD, shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear.
Lucy has enlisted the help of a personal trainer to keep her looking trim.
Lauren Hill, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor.
She has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease.
During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent.
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne's west.
Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
WorkCover are investigating the incident.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party.
He jumped onto tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill in north-west London.
But coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky.
Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car.
Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday.
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels.
Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace.
Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
Firefighters surrounded the Delta Air Lines plane at LaGuardia Airport.
An odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after the plane touched down.
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin with a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had pleaded not guilty to domestic violence charges.
He had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February.
Stickler killed himself by crashing his Cessna plane into a field in California on Saturday.
Viewers cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
When Ukip leader Nigel Farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, the audience only booed him further.
Of the 200-strong audience, about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command.
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk.
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night.
Lindy Klim, Amanda Bisk, Juliette Burnett, Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp were among the models on the catwalk.
The brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil.
She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy'
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia when he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top.
After deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday.
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.
Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at an industrial unit.
It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings.
This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal.
Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
Wasps will appeal against Nathan Hughes' three-week ban for striking George North.
Hughes was given the suspension after being found guilty of striking North in the 52-30 Aviva Premiership defeat at Franklin's Gardens on March 27.
The pair battle it out on a shed rooftop in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
The cat's owner Jason Bryant confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for Chelsea in the 35th minute.
Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline.
Kean Bryan pulled up injured after 36 minutes but battled back bravely.
Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target.
A supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day.
The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses.
Moshin Tanveer suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their third daughter during a stillbirth in 2012.
The couple have spoken out against the coroner's report which blames their midwife for the death of their daughter Rana.
A coroner found that the midwife failed to adequately prepare for the Rana's birth, allowed the delivery to take place in 'unsafe conditions'
The report also found that her failure to provide proper medical assistance may have caused the death.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant.
The implant makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates Stadium.
The Chelsea midfielder was sent to hospital at half time for checks.
Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion'
Sky Sports revealed that Mourinho had told them the decision was taken because of concussion concerns over the latter.
Kyesha Smith Wood called out her 'disprectful' children on Facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother.
Lexy Wood, 13, and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' throughout the film.
The mother confronted the girl outside of the theater and told her that her husband had just been laid off.
Rebecca Boyd wrote a lengthy Facebook post in a bid to track the mother down, and it was shared thousands of times.
Wood insists the'real hero' in the situation is Boyd, who she calls a 'great mom
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Doom Bar Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The last time McCoy won the Melling Chase he followed up the next day on Don’t Push It.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.
The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday.
Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend.
He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
Despite his public support for ISIS, he is still registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him.
The Medical Board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
UK over-the-counter medicines market worth £2.5 billion, says Dr Chris Van Tulleken.
Some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging.
UK families spend £350 million on a variety of painkillers, he says.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli.
The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama.
Her family reported her missing the following January.
Brimager has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill.
He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington.
The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to Ivy League schools.
All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria.
They hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop.
His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Andy Lee makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight belt against Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday.
The Irishman is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker.
Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping.
He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'
Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted'
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide.
Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude' which was then refined into diesel.
Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again.
He escaped from her garden 11 months ago.
Six months ago he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
The 31-year-old Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract.
PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday.
Biologists inspected the boat remains and found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
The remains of the boat will eventually be removed from the water, studied, dismantled and taken to a landfill.
Detective Patrick Cherry was caught on video ranting at an Uber driver.
The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident.
Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the driver honked his horn.
He pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels.
The former bartender has travelled to Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and the Galapagos Islands.
Liz, who studied Environmental Studies at the University of California in Santa Barbara, jumped at the chance.
Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina.
The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity.
Duke University and the police are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members.
Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid.
They are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours.
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
It is becoming increasingly common because ambulance service is so overstretched.
Nicola Sturgeon today launched her party's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a Labour government, promising the rest of the UK the 'hand of friendship'
But a new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want her kept out of the next UK government, and 59% want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country.
Polls in Scotland put the SNP on course to make huge gains north of the border, taking dozens of seats from Labour and robbing Ed Miliband of all hopes of securing an overall majority.
A majority of the public do not want Camilla to become queen if Prince Charles succeeds to the throne, a poll for the Daily Mail reveals today.
Four out of ten people think Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William.
Prince Andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Welbeck says he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role.
Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row.
London Mayor launched furious personal assault on his rival.
But Miliband ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'
Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' for claiming Miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with the SNP.
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on social media.
The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling was pictured taking a drag from the large orange pipe.
One shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes.
Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks.
Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin.
He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)
If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia.
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours a week.
The supermarket chain has submitted a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission.
National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon, accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours.
He said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour'
During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher.
It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married.
One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Curtis Stone, 39, is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
The celebrity chef lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months.
Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food.
The kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing.
But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown, and the team were forced to fly only half of it.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer.
Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages.
The 31-year-old is on the peripheries of Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter final.
Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Barcelona forward says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead.
Israeli geologist claims he has 'confirmed' the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary – a 1st-century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of Jesus' brother – to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’
The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected.
He said: 'Off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff'
His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week.
The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
Martinez scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg victory.
The 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in America.
They were sent to the 1st National Bank of Los Angeles on the 11th Jan 1927.
Lita claimed that she endured 'cruel and inhumane' treatment by Chaplin.
The divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike, according to an Iraqi source.
He was travelling in a three-car convoy in March in Nineveh, Iraq.
At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through.
But he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening round of fixtures.
Jose Mourinho's side have eight matches remaining, beginning at QPR on Sunday.
Blues boss was not surprised to see holders Manchester City slip up at Crystal Palace last Monday to all but end their title hopes.
Candidates must be 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist, a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob.
Applicants must also be able to do yoga moves including the side crow and lotus.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200.
He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers.
But a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini.
Uruguayan striker was condemned by world football but completed £75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side.
Suarez's wife Sofia says that he told her he didn't bite the Italian defender.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.
The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, broke his neck while on holiday.
He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
Mrs Stanwick said: 'He is my rock, my hero and most of all the man I adore without question'
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer.
The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the 'Illuminati'
Burnley Crown Court heard almost 700 of the images were in the most serious category.
There were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
Greaves was given a sexual harm prevention order and told to sign the sex offenders' register for the next 10 years.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
McGregor insists Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does.
Phillip and Gaby Beckle-Raymond bought London home five years ago for £325,000.
They paid builder £3,000 to fix a leak in the roof but he left them with no roof.
As a result, they had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs.
The family are now devastated and have reported the sub contractor to Trading Standards.
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday.
The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week.
Nathan is seen as the next big thing in South American football.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko.
Mauricio Pochettino has admitted his scouts are working behind the scenes on finalising the club's targets ahead of next season.
The Spurs boss is also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village.
The build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by Leigh of former England forward Gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club.
The school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’
That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life.
The movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer Friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening over complaints that American Sniper portrays Muslims as villains.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd.
They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours.
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for Championship award.
Bournemouth's Grant Leadbitter and Lee Tomlin also in second tier's top 10.
Lele Alli, MK Dons' Dele Alli and Bristol City's Luke Freeman also in top ten.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham.
Young played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa on Sunday.
Manchester United are third in the Premier League on 62 points.
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered.
She and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear.
The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged.
Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.
Eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
A video has emerged showing the horrifying moment two French backpackers attempted to torch a native Australian quokka.
The disturbing footage sees Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3.
Both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon.
It uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.
Bacteria such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on suraces.
There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
The caves were carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the volcano itself.
Robert Knowles, 68, has been in court at least once a year since 1959.
He has broken the law so many times prosecutors have lost track of his record.
It is believed he has clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list.
Ross Wallace and Steven Reid could return for Burnley.
Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all back in contention following injury lay-offs.
Part of the 'Wing' - the $40million (£27m), three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix - was affected by the winds on late Sunday and Monday.
Pictures on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
Stephanie Scott was murdered on Easter Sunday, just days before her wedding.
Hundreds of mourners gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects.
Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.
Ms Scott's white casket stood covered in colourful flowers, including yellow - which has become a sign of mourning for the teacher.
British Airways' Mindfulness for Travel series aims to make long-haul air travel as relaxing and refreshing as possible.
The airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop the recommended practices.
Coleman recommends wearing comfortable clothing, choosing lighter meals on board, moderating alcohol, coffee and tea intake and 'gentle exercising' such as stretching, during the flight.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back.
His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.
But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.
Researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit.
When Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, she opted for an elegant lace gown by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen.
Two anglers from Jaywick, Essex, had to be rescued by RNLI.
They had taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue.
The pair spent just £9 on silicone glue to hold the boat together.
After rescuing the men, who were found without lifejackets, they vowed to return to the water with another homemade boat.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete.
She was found dead in a garden in Nightingale Road, Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton.
Clare Verrall was walking her dog on Wednesday night when a man jumped out from behind some bins.
He attacked her and she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe.
She said she was 'blessed' to have been able to do kickboxing and self-defence classes as it meant she was able to defend herself.
Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana lived in 19th Century Russia.
She appeared to be 'half human, half ape' and covered in thick auburn hair.
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'
Mario Bretti, 64, was chased by Andrea Trunfio, 36, in Swindon.
The pair clashed as they drove away from the site on a scorching day.
Mr Bretti said his rival chased him along busy road before blocking him.
Tranfio then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time.
Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval.
Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'
Ms Malone, one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
She said she sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago.
The new candle and fragrance business, called Jo Love, now employs 14 people.
Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack.
But acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain.
Obama cast the Iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine.
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports.
Officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
The investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe a plot could be under way.
The sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of Sherlock.
It took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture, which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas.
The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3.
Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make the country proud'
Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year.
England bowled West Indies out for 299 on day two of the second Test.
Captain Alastair Cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps.
Broad backs Cook to go onto a big hundred and get England in a winning position.
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday.
McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
The 20-time champion jockey was presented with his final champion’s trophy by Arsenal legend Ian Wright before riding Mr Mole.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager.
Klopp has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal.
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
She is using her complex personal life at the forefront of her campaign.
Her two lovers, Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight, were once a straight married couple.
Users of Find Boston Bombers took to Reddit in the days after Boston Marathon bombings.
They hurled false accusations at spectators who had been wearing backpacks.
Claims even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber.
Now, moderator of subreddit, Chris Ryves, has told of his regrets in new documentary.
Ryves explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects' identities on his thread.
But as a staggering three million users took to the subreddit, Ryves soon lost control of it.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston.
Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over.
Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday but no charges have been filed against him.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001.
She now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties.
The 40-year-old says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'
She said she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.
Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises.
When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
He accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work.
Fowler responded to the hater by telling him to 'get your facts straight'
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win.
The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring.
Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren.
Emre Can and Martin Skrtel were already unavailable for the Reds.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5.
He woke up coughing and sneezing and told his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, he was not feeling well.
By the time Sexton got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
Nash left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection.
She had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer but died because of an infection at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton.
Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight on May 2 in Los Angeles.
Pacquiao says he wants to entertain the fans and has warned Mayweather that his killer instinct is back.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex.
She moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down.
Grandmother-of-four smashed her face on the pallet and was left in a'splits' position.
Now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after falling down hole.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5.
The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September.
She was told the cancer had eaten away so much of her bone that it had the thickness of an egg shell.
Her family have been a constant support for Venessa as she is undergoing chemotherapy in Brisbane.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.
Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night.
40 per cent of Airbnb’s listings in Cuba are in Havana.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire.
He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money.
The man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, then fled.
A 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in the makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike.
Before makeup, the editorial designer had normal lips, no cleavage, and a mustache.
He also uses the controversial Fullips lip suction cup on his mouth for fifteen minutes to make his lips swell up and give the impression of a fuller pout.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and his wife watched Pride.
Said he had a 'big passion' for the 1983 video game Manic Miner.
As a 12-year-old he drove his parents'slightly mad' playing the game.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated he has to change channel.
Medical recruitment consultant says hearing Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick'
Mr Howarth's wife Catherine, 32, says she has sympathy for his unusual symptoms.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had a row after the Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg said Hamilton had been'selfish' by slowing down while leading.
Hamilton backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate's race.
Page Six claimed Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Elyse Tirrel, who's 28.
The gossip site claimed that Flay, 50, has been cheating on the Law & Order:SUV star for three years with Tirrel.
March's friend Maia Madison, a writer and actress, told Page Six that March arrived'sobbing uncontrollably' at her home just after Thanksgiving after finding out about the affair.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel for a double date on Sunday night.
The World Cup winning duo attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital.
Gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 win against Eintracht Franfurt.
Terror group publishes list of harsh punishments for those who fall foul of its own laws.
Top of the list is 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam.
Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death.
Couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and 'banishment' from the community.
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 in Brindisi, Italy.
Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona.
The 42-year-old wore a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top.
She paired the suit with nude heels and a woven clutch.
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in December last year.
The model is said to have carried out a similar attack on another woman in the same nightclub last April.
Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
She was granted bail by the magistrate but police prosecutors feared she would re-offend.
Today marks 81 years since the notorious 'Surgeon's Photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness.
The tech giant has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway.
It has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne.
It contains high levels of alkaloids, berberine and hydrastine.
These are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits.
Mahonia Clear Skin Formula is a number one best-seller in Japan.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.
The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes.
She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery.
Henrik Larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal on Saturday.
The former Celtic and Barcelona striker had no option but to play Daniel Andersson.
Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League.
The Argentinian striker scored a 94th minute winner against Crystal Palace.
City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests.
Research by Northwestern University in the US found children who shared iPads in classes significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no iPads.
Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users.
Liz Norden's adult sons JP and Paul each lost their right leg in the blast.
The men, now in their mid-thirties, shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the Boston Marathon almost two years ago.
Norden has said a planned film by Mark Wahlberg dramatizing the bombings is premature.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories in Hull.
He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour.
Tories today revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate.
Mr Whitehead revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20.
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado.
His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge.
She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.
Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead.
Erakat's most volatile reaction came when he offered to pay for a man's parking meter, showing him his cardboard sign.
'Does it look like I need your money? F***k out of here,' the man angrily replies, slapping his hand away before walking off.
Celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-0 win over 10-man Partick at Parkhead.
Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner.
Leigh Griffiths spurns a glorious opportunity to put Celtic 3-0 ahead late in the match.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.
He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.
Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
Racegoer filmed deliberately knocking elderly man to the floor in Aintree.
The 34-year-old then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim.
He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.
Police have released the man under caution pending further inquiries.
Chelsea face Manchester City in the FA Youth Cup final on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has warned his next generation that he cannot use them all at once.
John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
The Chelsea boss has promised Ruben Loftus-Cheek his chance next season.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said.
The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy.
Police went inside and found the woman and children dead.
Her husband was taken into custody without incident, and police weren't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Turkish football team captain Arda Turan was celebrating after his side's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg.
He had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system last week.
Turkish aviation officials in the country's Civilian Aviation Directorate (SHGM) said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday.
Close supporter Ben Quilty has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop his execution.
'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' Mr Quilty said.
The execution will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
There, they will be given the option to be blindfolded.
Nigerian Muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees became angry when one Christian passenger began praying for his life.
When he refused to stop, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by Muslim refugees.
The tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in Africa have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
The 26-year-old has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week.
He then shot his older brother in the leg and then took his own life.
As many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys, who would've celebrated their birthdays this week.
Woman walked on to New York City's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon.
She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek, which connects Greenpoint to Maspeth, Queens.
By about 2pm, the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers were able to grab the woman by the arms and pull her to safety on the bridge.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes.
Jermaine Pennant equalised for Wigan with a stunning free-kick.
Matt Smith scored Fulham's second goal to restore their lead.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder.
Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Knight's attorney said he believes Mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on Saturday.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract.
Manchester United are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker.
Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Red Devils.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
The big win inspired Twitter users to produce a series of viral images.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona.
The Brazilian right-back will leave the Nou Camp this summer.
Alves has won four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Injured trio Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines.
Pep Guardiola's side had just 14 fit players to choose from against Porto.
Holland international Robben was pictured doing punditry alongside Bayern legend Oliver Kahn.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters.
The 85-year-old defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters.
Thibaut Courtois has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years.
Courtois helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season and now wants to win the Premier League.
The 22-year-old won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at Eat Your Greens venue.
The couple's wedding venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region.
But on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service.
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex with women.
He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.
Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera.
He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for 30 hours.
The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes.
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly when the eight-year-old fell.
The Border Terrier chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff in Dorset.
Molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope.
But her distraught owners had no way of getting down to the beach to get her.
A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her.
The man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office.
He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, a source has said.
It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked, it has been revealed.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire.
The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water.
Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on Mario Mandzukic.
Miranda has said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the last-minute penalty to secure Saracens a place in the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup.
The Argentinian was mobbed by players and coaches as Racing Metro 92 were dumped out of the competition.
It was the South American’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores.
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks and sending online messages.
One teenager has told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by gang.
19-year-old thought he was meeting girl he had spoken to on internet in Atherton.
But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
Andrew O'Neill, 25, has since admitted grooming an under-age girl.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s.
They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were turned into an air raid shelter after the Second World War.
The shelter became so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people allowed to seek refuge there.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January.
He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree as they suited up with their other halves to take in the opening day of the Grand National Meeting.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool.
The night before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell that the grass isn't always greener.
The West Ham full back has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Allardyce believes that City's previous purchases speak volumes.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years.
The Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano.
Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.
Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona.
Anthony Horowitz said books by the comedian are ‘witty and entertaining’
The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Walliams’ Gangsta Granny for criticism.
He suggested writers should follow the example of authors such as John Green and ‘write up for children, not down to them’
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis.
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the auto-immune disease.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good, meaning Claudio Beauvue's effort 10 minutes from time was only a consolation.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington Warriors 30-20 in the Super League derby.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song.
The 27-year-old Wales forward was sent off in the Warriors' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October.
The H5N2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull.
The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country.
Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Richmond's Bachar Houli a 'terrorist'
Mr Burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall the comment being made.
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment.
Auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels.
The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-Corsage brooch.
It was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain.
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working.
They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
England Under 21 captain Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year.
The Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since 1984.
Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer.
Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, posted photo on Twitter.
But next day, only Mr Barkat and Kim were pictured in photo.
In altered photo, Kim's face and body were obscured by $692 bill.
And in another photo, Kardashian was reportedly blurred out by copy of bill.
Study highlights areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground in the case of the next natural disaster.
Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation.
And some communities can increase their chance of survival simply by walking faster.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match.
The Bayern Munich boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.
With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Arsene Wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season.
Mertesacker admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations.
The German thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality.
Sara Martin, 37, from Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2010.
She hadn't spoken for weeks, but one day, she uttered 'Florida'
Now, her family is taking her to Sarasota, south-west Florida, today.
They have rented an RV for the 1,000-mile, 18-hour trip to coastal city.
Mrs Martin, who uses wheelchair to get around, will be able to relax on Siesta Key Beach.
Unfortunately, her children are in school, so are not making the trip to city.
The 166816 default password is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers.
Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
A Google search pointed to Verifone which connects around 27 million payment devices around the world.
Pippa, 31, looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer.
Accessorised look with black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected.
Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket.
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere.
High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Three players have already been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease.
Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Aiken, 36, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November.
He's already planning the third act in his political play, telling Stern that he's planning a future bid for elective office.
'Within the next decade I will [run] again,' he said, but 'not right now. Probably before six years'
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces.
Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed, but only 35 were identified in the years immediately after.
Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii.
In 1950, they were reburied at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the Punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu.
The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register.
Former Arsenal defender joined forces with David Harewood and Tinie Tempah.
Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth, in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles.
Jodie Bredo, 26, has been a Kate lookalike for six years.
She says Duchess of Cambridge should 'change her hair for once'
Miss Bredo is now single after splitting from her boyfriend.
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.
Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land.
Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey.
The 36-year-old is preparing for his $300million showdown with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft in 2018 using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS)
Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS -will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox.
Nasa has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.
The woman, 20, flagged down a car belonging to Mansouri believing it was a taxi.
But instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her.
MailOnline Travel looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities.
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute.
Darren Bent added a second in the 81st minute to put the visitors in front.
Steve McClaren's side are now eight points adrift of the relegation zone.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday.
Wanda Group chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia.
Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.
Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia.
His images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors.
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all eight Ivy League colleges.
He moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago with his parents.
Says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity.
Has been editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the Model United Nations.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second behind Lewis Hamilton at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Raikkonen has been linked with a move to Ferrari for next season.
Mercedes team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high.
Anderson Silva will compete for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team.
The 40-year-old said he is 'trying to give back to the sport'
The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with officials.
Dele Alli has impressed for Milton Keynes Dons this season.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham Hotspur for £5m in January.
Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s next month.
Lionel Messi was left out of both Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot problem.
The Barcelona star faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play.
ESPN have claimed that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca last month.
Barcelona are keeping tabs on Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson.
Torino right back Matteo Darmian is linked with a move to Barcelona.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made sick by obesity.
He had been told he may need a leg amputated.
His sons Anthony and Ian have helped him shed six stone.
Tottenham Hotspur host Burnley at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Stephen Ward should be back in contention for the Clarets.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong on April 1.
It took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room.
The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell.
Police are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool.
He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs.
Once he has 50 pictures he uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday.
Sandown initially tried to secure Thierry Henry to be the Arsenal celebrity to hand over the trophy to McCoy.
But Sky bosses vetoed the move.
A request to secure another Arsenal legend in Tony Adams also proved logistically impossible because he currently manages Gabala in Azabaijan.
Emma Watson turns 25 today and has already carved a career.
The actress has starred in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador.
Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have been friends since 1997.
Neville believes Mourinho will be proud of his friend's achievements.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school.
Instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than England.
Argentine striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight.
Tevez says defending is better on the continent than in England.
Cody was trapped in a ditch in Belvedere, south London, for up to six hours.
He was finally freed at 2.55pm by firefighters and taken to his stables.
Owner Tracey Hannant said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged.
Dane Bouris appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty.
He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
The 33-year-old is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham in February.
Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen.
The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man got out of the passenger seat.
After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man.
Ali then raced through red lights and on the wrong side of road.
He was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court.
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world.
The 28-year-old has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch.
Her normal work hours are 8am to 2pm, Monday to Friday.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus federal court.
Mohamud had been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment said.
He had told an associate that he wanted to go to a military base in Texas and 'kill three or four American soldiers execution-style'
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19.
He was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
Walmart meanwhile claims the rifle had been properly locked, and that it may have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car.
Valencia was later taken down by an officer who hit him with his vehicle.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door.
He posted pictures from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?'
He left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter.
Friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over Mr Wittstock's accident.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season at Arsenal.
The 20-year-old signed from Southampton for £16million in 2014.
Chambers has already made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands.
But his team banned national media journalists from the event.
Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon.
She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres.
Her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Joan Cheever, the founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck because it is more compact.
On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
Cheever and her band of volunteers were dishing out free food to those in need at Maverick Park on the outskirts of San Antonio.
Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone.
The net result is millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres.
Charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by telecoms watchdog, Ofcom, today.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars in 2013.
He made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever'
This after Davion was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday.
There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa, an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet.
You too could join this group if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test.
Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all contribute to a high IQ.
Adam Kirby became the youngest person ever to join Mensa in June 2013 at the age of just two and a half.
Survey by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.
49% think Camilla should take traditional title of wife of reigning king.
35% believe she should be given lesser title out of respect to Diana.
Aides have always insisted Camilla does not want to be known as Queen.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
Mother-of-two is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
Condition is so severe she can't spot her own reflection or children.
James Rodriguez will start against Granada on Sunday.
Rodriguez has recovered from a fractured right foot.
The Colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games for Real Madrid.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range.
The Korean tech giant has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts.
But following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) in 2013.
Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon.
He managed to pull down his pants despite being in handcuffs.
Judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus.
The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing for the club.
He believes Coman has all the attributes to eventually be a very good striker.
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside McDonald's.
He then places a diamond ring on her finger and they embrace.
Friends filming the video whoop and yell: 'Man this is real, this really is real'
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney.
Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012.
Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, Massachusetts, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict.
Davis spoke out following the release this week of the first trailer for Black Mass, which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger.
The film is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob, written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill.
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked.
The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.
Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
The St. Louis win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine called the Bike Washing Machine.
When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer.
A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use.
The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Wigry National Park is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes.
The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season.
The Frenchman will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities at their London Colney HQ to maintain his fitness until he finds a new club.
Diaby has suffered 42 injuries and only made 22 appearances in four seasons.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says.
The silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible.
He uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public.
Qasr al-Farid - a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement - stands amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop.
It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic, and Assyrian architecture.
The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door.
He held his hand as they made their way to his home in Horwich, near Bolton.
His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on Facebook.
The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
Six infrared cameras placed around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies.
All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor.
Pentagon's astonishing estimate for the lifetime cost an F-35 is up almost $120billion from about year ago.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water.
But when they pumped it to the surface they found it was so polluted they could set it on fire.
Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station.
Local officials have now launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5million deal for Ilkay Gundogan.
The midfielder has emerged as the club's primary target.
Louis van Gaal believes Gundogan is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.
They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial.
Current World Health Organisation guidelines recommend only beginning HIV treatment when the number of T-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9.
The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of sexual adventurism'
The elevator company said the would fight the claims, while the building owners' corporation wouldn't comment on the lawsuit.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button.
If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call.
This is a feature built into most phones already.
The app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions.
It also doesn't require the user to speak the language of the country
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few'
But in January Mr Balls warned the idea would cost the country money.
He said: 'I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money'
Ukip leader said he had to 'confess' he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English.
Comes after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back.
The Ukip leader's remarks are the latest in a series of pointed interventions Mr Farage has made on the issue of immigration.
Train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath East River.
Passenger conductor saw smoke coming from the track's third rail.
More than 500 passengers were taken to Grand Central Station in Manhattan.
No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint.
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on his official Instagram account.
Morrison was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems.
The 22-year-old signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040.
Normal petrol and diesel engines would be barred from the road.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
The son of the late Attorney General Robert Kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children.
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
It is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing affect it will have.
The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network.
SNL writers joked that CNN's animations look like they belong in 1985.
It was seemingly inspired by a clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit door.
NBC then went for a puppet show to illustrate Iran nuclear negotiations.
Bab al-Aziziya palace in Tripoli was once a fortress for Gaddafi regime.
It was hit in 1986 by a US air strike and was hounded out of Tripoli in 2011.
Now it has been reduced to rubble and used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs.
Lionel Messi has been with Barcelona since the age of 13.
Argentine forward has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the club.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator.
A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday.
The Spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time.
United have emerged as rivals to Arsenal for second place in the Premier League.
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement.
Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
Etan's body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England.
But actual number could be far greater, experts have warned.
World Health Organisation suggests at least one in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems.
Staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu.
The woman, Yuan Yen, 34, was found to have blood on her when she was approached.
She refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity by looking through her purse.
More than 1,000 passengers joined a 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
Crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night.
Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India.
Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris.
But Parish has insisted he will remain involved in the club's future.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II.
A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.
Substitute Dimitar Berbatov was brought on to try and change things.
Hadas had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old.
The barbaric practice is said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy.
She now lives in the UK and has found support from children's charity the NSPCC.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night.
The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing.
He suffered a fatal heart attack during a traffic stop and died two hours later.
His father, pastor Kevin Clark, claimed his son had been 'driving erratically'
He claimed police were indirectly responsible for his death.
Jennifer, 46, works out three times a week with her long-term trainer.
Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
She takes 3.6kg weights with her when she stays at a hotel.
Chelsea trained at their Cobham base on Friday ahead of the game.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea at the Emirates.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday.
Ozil missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him.
The German has failed to live up to his £42m tag at Arsenal.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
The cleaner your diet, the less likely you are to rely on supplements.
A diet rich in oily fish, whole grains, lean protein, fruit and vegetables should provide enough nutrients.
Pregnancy, ill health and the elderly may need more support.
A Ferrari driver was left counting the cost in Adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night.
The driver of the Ferrari, reportedly purchased only a week ago, smashed into the tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton.
Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome.
The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends.
Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition.
The Greenpeace activists boarded the Polar Pioneer rig in the Pacific Ocean on Monday.
The group said they would occupy the underside of the main deck of the rig and unfurl a banner with the names of millions opposed to Arctic drilling.
Shell said it has met with groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores and'respect their views' but condemned the boarding.
Akon Guode was interviewed by police as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.
The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday.
One-year-old Bol and twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water.
Joseph Manyang, the father of the three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is innocent as she is a '
Stella Maxwell, 24, was unveiled as one of ten new Victoria's Secret Angels this week.
She was born to Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat.
The young model splits her time between Los Angeles and New York.
Jaguars have opened a competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com.
The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the United States.
Last year's draft attracted 45.7million viewers according to figures from the NFL.
Manchester City players have backed Patrick Vieira to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the youth team hasn't gone unnoticed too.
Pellegerini's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny following a largely disappointing campaign.
City's first-choice managerial option remains current Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola.
Patti Boyd, 71, married Rod Weston, 61, at Chelsea Registry Office, Chelsea Old Town Hall, in London on Thursday.
She was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past.
The couple, who live in Kensington, feared they would never tie the knot.
The remains were removed from the house in the Richmond area of San Francisco on Saturday.
They are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn.
Neighbors said the home was covered in debris, including dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr completed a few lengths of a swimming pool on Sunday.
The 38-year-old boxer was testing his muscles against the resistance of the water.
It is now less than a month until both boxers meet in Las Vegas.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns.
The parody posts are written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five.
A prisoner who shared a ride to jail with Freddie Gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died.
The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force.
In the past week, Gray has become the new face of the 'Black Lives Matter' movement, with many believing his death was caused by police during or after the arrest.
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk.
She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest.
The woman could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer.
Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost said he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on CCTV.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 in the Evo-Stik Northern Premier.
The Rebels will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in May.
FC United set up in protest at the Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips told Dailymail.com of her mother who died in the summer of 2012.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season.
Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21, but there are no signs of fear in their games.
England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Dani Alves' Barcelona contract expires in the summer.
Manchester United and Liverpool have been keeping tabs on the Brazil international.
Alves has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp all season.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was three years old and won a yacht race aged nine, according to a new North Korean school textbook.
The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
The collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100.
Some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time.
The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate '370H55V'
The Texan Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive'
Mr Hassan said he plans to appeal the decision.
Ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health as she laughed with friends.
The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits, smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse.
It's the second night out this week for the party girl, who joined friends at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
The report states: 'Recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others'
Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration as a medicine.
But studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger.
Bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline.
It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth.
Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.
The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'
She has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace.
Taxpayers' Alliance has now warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket' and that people should 'get themselves in shape' to work.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty.
Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn Doshays.
Doshay was arrested on Wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach.
He is currently being held without bail at the Vista jail.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley on Friday.
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club.
Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos in 1997.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted.
'He has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time,' she said.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical'
She said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons.
Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year.
They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their respective suspensions reduced by one match apiece.
Ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the French Football League (LFP) after he was caught on camera after PSG's 3-2 defeat to Bordeaux.
The Swede reacted angrily to the defeat and said it was the worst refereeing display he'd ever seen.
Payet then received a two-game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials' dressing room following the goalless draw with Lyon.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25C when he got into difficulty.
Witness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend.
It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
His body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water's edge just before 11pm on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather Jr is boxing's undisputed world champion.
He will take on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday night.
Mayweather has faced a string of accusations of violence against women.
Washington Wizards moved 2-0 ahead on Toronto Raptors with 117-106 win.
LeBron James scored 30 points and Kyrie Irving added 26 for Cleveland.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Dallas Mavericks 111-99 at home.
Dwight Howard scored 28 points and had 12 rebounds for Houston Rockets.
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us.
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts.
Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of the Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures.
He was treated by Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire.
The semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever.
Mr Bowes said he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the decay.
West Ham could qualify for Europe next season through UEFA's Respect and Fair Play rankings.
The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League, with England currently sitting third and West Ham topping the Barclays Premier League's Fair Play table.
Allardyce insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs.
Italian priest sacked amid claims he took part in gay orgies with Swiss Guard.
Prelate was sacked from religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted authorities with dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes.
The diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in the Champions League.
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
The 24-year-old is targeting an immediate response at Blackburn.
Little girl appears to be around six or seven in bright pink jumper and trainers.
She tells man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, before firing several rounds.
However, whether she has actually hit anything is unclear.
International Monetary Fund official reportedly admitted he cannot envisage a successful conclusion to the country’s bailout.
Greece has repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds.
This would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone, although no state has ever left and there is no official exit process.
Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
The flooding at Bardwell Park forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney's south.
At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients.
The centre claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them.
It believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl.
Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her.
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims Ronan Farrow was her brother.
Sinatra had a vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan, according to his youngest daughter.
In 2013, Mia Farrow admitted Sinatra may be the father of her son, instead of Woody Allen.
Divock Origi has been following Liverpool's progress from across the English Channel.
Origi said the progress of Jordon Ibe and Raheem Sterling has heightened his excitement at joining the club.
The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £10million deal.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the FLDS sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago.
She finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.
But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members.
Tetzner spent the night in her van, fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended.
When even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning, and kept her from reaching the home where her
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title.
Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be considered alongside the world's best players.
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs in the ruins of the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud.
Seven-minute video purportedly shows Islamic State destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins.
Attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama.
It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months.
One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour.
Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
The move could upset numerous international managers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup third round at Wembley.
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for Villa.
Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS.
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size.
If successful, the system could be deployed in polar orbit at an altitude of about 500 miles (800km)
MailOnline has asked the researchers to explain how often the laser would fire, and what its maximum capacity in terms of debris-size to deorbit would be.
Families say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes.
CCTV footage shows youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other.
They blatantly carry air rifles and BB guns through the estate.
One brave neighbour who confronted the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang.
Emir Spahic was involved in a brawl with security personnel after the German Cup defeat to Bayern Munich.
The Bosnian defender was incensed that security personnel wouldn't let his friends into the players changing rooms.
Leverkusen managing director Michael Schade says 'the latest revelations from the case leave us no other choice'
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods.
The 33-year-old scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Dossena now plies his trade with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Thierry Henry said Francis Coquelin was his man of the match in Arsenal's 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
The former Arsenal striker labelled the 23-year-old 'Columbo'
Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient, Freiburg and most recently Charlton.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing.
Video footage shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire'
Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced she was going to run for president.
'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Dawn Williamson, 39, from Scotland, could not even confront a plastic snake.
She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day.
But ITV1's This Morning viewers were amazed as therapists broke down her phobia.
By the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life Burmese python.
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'
The consultants claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’
Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg near his home in Khost, Afghanistan.
His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack.
He says it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time spent helping the British Government.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.
Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime.
The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he
Vincent Kompany has hit back at UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.
Manchester City were fined £50m and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season.
The Premier League champions are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday.
Nearly 4,000 supporters turned out to watch Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free.
John Stones and Aaron Lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland.
But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion hole in Scotland's budget.
The First Minister was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year, despite the collapse in North Sea oil revenues.
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River.
They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany.
Juventus are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A.
If they win the league it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club.
Allegri has also guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home.
Three-quarters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house.
This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps.
Hull manager was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published.
Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent.
Australia head coach Michael Cheika is aware his pack is being written off for the World Cup.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in September.
Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau is set to feature for the Wallabies.
Modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier, but often all it does is create more pitfalls.
21st century additions like a Facebook page, an Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
The 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success.
Liverpool and Paris St Germain have also made contact.
Ronald de Boer believes Depay is one of the best talents in Europe.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by Tim Henman.
Mourinho described the tournament as'more than a Grand Slam'
Murray beat Novak Djokovic in the 2013 final to end Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
The 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other English teams in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide.
They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced.
Jake Malone met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago.
She contacted Mr Malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit.
But after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years.
The 60-year-old flew more than 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen.
He has not been able to track down the woman and is willing to give up his life in Vancouver and move to China if he finds her.
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department.
On a day when a new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe she is honest and trustworthy, the leading Democratic Party candidate has a mess to clean up.
Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
The murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars Bill Clinton collected in speaking fees
Cobbles on the road will be lifted from their current place and cut in half.
The road runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century.
Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support for the scheme.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt on February 9.
The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him.
Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student, a teacher said on Thursday.
Designer Abigail Ahern's new style bible, Colour, is out now.
Inspired by 'glammed-up neutrals' she says white hallways wouldn't have the same effect.
Here are her top ten tips to colour confidence.
Victorino Chua accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
Nurse wrote 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English.
Said he might 'explode' at any time, adding: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
He is accused of contaminating saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne.
The Spaniard will now face Germany's Andrea Petkovic in the last four.
Petkovic beat Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4 6-2 in straight sets.
The Minister for Investment and Trade battled depression for 43 years.
He said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach.
Mr Robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia.
His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood.
He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for 'gender-based harassment and defamation'
The German student accused of raping his classmate Emma Sulkowicz.
Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment.
Wesley Sneijder launched his knife range in Galatasaray colours on Saturday.
Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in 2000.
A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet.
Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on camera stealing from passenger luggage.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft.
Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night.
The Grand Canyon Skywalk in Arizona is nearly 4,000ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon.
Corcovado in Rio de Janeiro is best known for Christ the Redeemer, a giant statue of Jesus Christ.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in April.
Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time this season.
But City have blown their chances of retaining their title.
Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape.
UK Oil & Gas Investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class potential resource'
Company claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin.
Company has now backtracked on its claims the UK could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the North Sea and Kuwait.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta.
The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian.
Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck.
Amanda Holden will host new show on ITV highlighting plight of animals.
Show will highlight plight of the animals arriving at RSPCA centre in Birmingham.
Presenters include Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am'
In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to ‘use the people at home’
The ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen.
She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
It was David Shuff, who met Barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home, that finally reunited her with her videos.
Camilla Lawrence, a Women’s Health Physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape safely.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now.
But experts warn that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body.
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon.
Police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths.
Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys.
Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday with 11st 9lb on his back.
Trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup.
Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley.
Footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Cole.
Cole left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006.
Helen Flanagan, 24, stepped out recently in a floral midi dress.
Danielle Lloyd, 31, is another star who modified her wardrobe.
Angelina Jolie, 39, also adopted a boho maternity style.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life.
Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey'
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship.
Evans would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible if she wins three qualifiers.
The 29-year-old from Dudley would be first woman to reach the finals.
Ally McCoist has not been spotted at Ibrox since his surprise appearance last month.
The club's record scorer was axed as manager amid speculation surrounding the club's future.
But Brown insists the fans love the club and he'll be welcomed back.
Stuart McCall is now in charge of the Scottish Championship side.
Argentina is taking legal action against three British and two US oil firms.
It accuses them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands'subjected to the illegitimate British occupation'
It also warns the rig’s owner, Greece-based firm Ocean Rig, that it could face ‘legal consequences’ over the drilling.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep told People.
The wedding took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Goldsmiths student union Welfare and Diversity Officer banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting.
Organiser Bahar Mustafa said event was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women.
Unions later backed down after a backlash from students, one of whom described the policy as 'patronising beyond belief'
Paul Aldridge will leave Sheffield Wednesday at the end of next season.
Aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011.
Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder have been brought in to work alongside head coach Stuart Gray.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born.
Her parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turning a yellowy tinge shortly after birth.
After an unsuccessful attempt to unclog her bile ducts, a liver transplant was the family's only option.
James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations.
Lockwood was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors.
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
There were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in German.
But scans have shown it is a minor ankle sprain.
The 6ft 3in defender is likely to be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista.
Liverpool have scored just 45 Premier League goals this season.
Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six.
Only Crystal Palace and Sunderland have top scorers with fewer goals.
Diego Costa is joint top scorer in the Premier League with 19 goals.
Ivan Rakitic married Raquel Mauri in 2013.
The Croatia international earns millions playing for Barcelona.
Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi has also confirmed he will soon be a father.
Campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions'
The site refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns.
Slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back on Saturday.
A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform.
Chancellor met Henry the Hoover at a campaign stop in Somerset.
He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the hoover brands.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out.
The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham.
QPR go to the home of Sherwood's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three.
A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Heather Mack,19, is accused of the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
Sheila was born in hospital last month after Mack was transferred to hospital.
Prosecutors have asked judges to reject the demands for long prison sentences.
Mack has said she intends to keep Stella with her until the child is two.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama.
He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday.
But they were killed when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car.
Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence, death resulting, and driving to endanger.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them.
Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived.
Authorities have since identified the shooter as 38-year-old Robert Washington of Rialto, California.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006.
But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless.
Nine years on the Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood as an actor.
The county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier.
Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested.
Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress.
The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers.
The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during Changing of the Guard.
The guard lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin.
He quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz but focussed on negative events.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC.
The couple travelled to India in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a child girl but told consular staff they would be leaving her brother behind because they could not afford him.
They were told the boy would be left stateless if they followed through on plans to abandon him because India does not recognise surrogate children as citizens.
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.
Comes as Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the Houthi rebels to allow current president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to return to the country.
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, up 2% from 2013.
A record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up by a third.
Experts say rise was partly because victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes, including historical ones, and police were more likely to take complaints seriously.
Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari sell luxury cars to the super rich.
Saba says more and more women are coming into the showroom.
She says: 'Women have very good taste in cars. You don't honestly think we talk about cars do you [when selling] We talk about shiny, red soles!'
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her.
The lawsuit alleges that when Koetter was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student.
Marlborough ignored allegations against Koetsters at the two previous schools he had worked at, the lawsuit claims.
Koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS.
It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
To build the station, something like SpiderFab could be used, a proposed system of robo-spiders than can construct solar panels, trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit.
The final design would be 330ft (100 metres) in diameter
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat David Alderson to death.
They then used his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he kept guns.
Police originally thought the 72-year-old had fallen from his bike because he was dressed in lycra at the time.
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer on Instagram.
The Aston Villa attacker missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury.
But the video suggests that the 28-year-old could be ready for a return to action sooner rather than later.
Boy, nine, was beaten with skipping ropes and water pipes by his adoptive mother.
The 50-year-old had adopted the boy when he was six after being given up by her cousin.
She thought she was sending her child to a better life away from rural area.
Instead, shocking images show the child covered in injuries.
They include cuts to his ear where he was hit with a metal rod and bruising on his legs and hands.
The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over the conflict in Ukraine.
Last month, Moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad for a'major military exercise'
Odion Ighalo gave Watford the lead after just four minutes.
Matthew Connolly doubled Forest's advantage in the second half.
Gary Gardner doubled the Hornets' lead with a 72nd-minute strike.
Almen Abdi scored Watford's third goal in the closing stages.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, are spending £10,000 on Las Vegas trip.
Pregnant mother of 11 is said to be planning to renew vows during 'no expense spared' jaunt.
Couple are planning to fly to U.S. in March for two-week 'no-expense spared' break.
Dashcam footage shows three young thugs get out of a red ute to threaten another driver.
One was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights.
The ute driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School.
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal.
He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment.
They then took to social media to post images of themselves.
But these were reported for being 'offensive'
Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue was stolen from outside his Surrey home.
Burglars targeted the property, in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based, and made off with the 4x4.
Ghana midfielder Essien left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head.
Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank actor Mark Wahlberg for stopping by to see the Filipino going through his paces.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
The video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf'
He calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.
The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures.
From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli.
The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand.
Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title.
The Movistar rider finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini.
Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing the race.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland.
The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection.
He was placed in isolation because of his grave illness which saw him lose his shiny black hair.
Aracely Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, has been arrested in the case involving an attempt to resurrect a two-year-old boy at a home operating also as a church.
In the video, Meza is seen next to a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza as she uses oils and prays while trying to bring the boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, back to life.
She also invokes Jesus to give life to the child.
Meza and her husband are pastors who presided over the church services held at the residence and also lives there
Newcastle United lost 2-0 at Liverpool on Monday night.
Jack Colback says the club's fans deserve more than they are getting.
The midfielder was one of the only players who put in a shift against Liverpool.
Dawn Bainbridge led 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes.
She and her two daughters stole from high street stores and sold them online.
Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments.
One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
Bainbridge jailed for 30 months, her daughter Claire, 21, for 20 months and sister Caitlyn, 19, for 16 months at Newcastle Crown Court last year.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes.
Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Pama covered his face as he left Brisbane Magistrate Courts where he was granted conditional bail on Friday.
May Wong's four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe.
She has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris.
The pair have been joined on their trips by Miss Wong’s new dog, George.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season as Birmingham City beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final.
The Championship side lost their second game in as many matches as their poor Championship form continues.
Adam Federici, whose fumble led to Alexis Sanchez's winning goal, was retained against Birmingham.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband.
He struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year.
The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer.
Mr Harris stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008, however he is still one of their biggest shareholders.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer.
A retrial had to be ordered and the child had to give evidence for a second time.
Cattan was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness, who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job at Manchester City in the summer.
The Chilean has made the shallowest of footprints at the Etihad Stadium.
But the identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem.
Vincent Kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons.
Emma Dickson, 31, was meant to be planning her wedding to fiancé Dougie, 26.
But she was rushed to hospital with two blood clots in her lungs.
The clots then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
It left her with bruises on her arms and a fear she was going to die.
Doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill.
A month after being discharged from hospital Mrs Dickson was able to plan her wedding.
She will now have to take blood thinning drugs for the rest of her
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana, India.
Comes after cases of the H5N1 virus were identified.
The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond.
Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights.
Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United for £18million in 2006.
Sir Alex Ferguson trusted him in midfield, and United dominated domestically and even became Champions of Europe in an era when Guardiola, Messi and Barcelona were taking their place in history as one of the greatest ever club sides.
Carrick has a 100 per cent record with England at the World Cup.
He won four Premier League titles, a Champions League, and played in two other Champions League finals.
Women ask for almost a fifth less than men, rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors.
East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries, while North West England had the smallest.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele.
Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
Prices are bespoke, depending on how stained or damaged a bag is, with costs for minor repairs starting at £24.95 and the average restoration costing £135.
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years.
More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010.
The labia are lips which protect the vagina.
They naturally vary in size and shape, but some women are dissatisfied or distressed about the appearance of their labia.
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
James Collins and Sergio Aguero scored to give City the three points.
Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos'
Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
The Weekend Australian carried tributes to 'the face of cricket' on Saturday.
Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964.
His final commentary in England was at the 2005 Ashes series.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He added: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the supporter.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling insists it has nothing to do with money and will reassess at the end of the season.
The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Tingey, 18, became a hit on YouTube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against Swindon.
Wiltshire, also 18, is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield.
The Reds captain Gerrard lost a family member during the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended.
A host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher attended.
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002.
He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster.
His A History Of The World In 100 Objects series was inspired by the museum's collection.
Efe Obada has been signed by the Dallas Cowboys.
The 22-year-old only played five American football games last season.
Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp.
Sophia Adams, 21, has won Curvy Kate's annual 'Star in a Bra' competition.
Trainee police officer, from North West London, beat 1,000 other hopefuls.
She will star in the brand's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
But he was today convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year.
Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip.
Barbara McGrath said St. Joseph Middle School officials informed her that Rose McGrath could return to the Battle Creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns.
The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
The 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April 13, but Barbara McGrath says that doesn't include 'numerous' partial days.
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer.
Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
The disposition of the case was not immediately known.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia.
The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
Migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in UK to raise the child.
Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials in Britain and overseas.
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam, while Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic.
Here, Sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of The Masters WAGS.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 35th minute.
Jason Puncheon doubled the lead in the second half.
Manchester City pulled one back through Yaya Toure.
City are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Pregnant woman was left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel.
Her partner had ensured she was safe, then tied rope around himself.
He then dived under vessel to locate flare and dived underwater.
The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent, at 3.30pm yesterday.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies.
She also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday when Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under.
Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
Travolta says Scientology has helped him'save lives' including his own.
The 61-year-old actor insists the religion is not as evil as it has been portrayed.
He was speaking during a press stop to promote his new film The Forger.
Told critics to 'take time and read a book' about Scientology.
Comes amid allegations that members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps and cut off from their family if they decide to leave Scientology.
Eve Addison, 24, developed strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin.
She assumed she must have an allergy and switched brands.
But when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats.
Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
Most common symptom is painless swellings in neck, armpit or groin.
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes.
But Ramsey watched Cesc Fabregas' late winner and the devastation was too much for the QPR boss.
Ramsey turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back.
Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whales - the Eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of US, and the much rarer Western gray whale.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator.
He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night.
Jackson had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters.
The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.
After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted.
12% of people questioned thought that the child should be named after William's mother - Diana the Princess of Wales.
Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent of the vote each.
If the child is a boy then 13% would like him to be called James, with the second favourite name being Alexander.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War.
They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester.
Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month and her husband followed two days later.
Their marriage was described as 'the greatest true love story' at a joint funeral held at Blacon Crematorium.
Sale Sharks winger Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale.
Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion.
Shane Geraghty was an absentee with Chris Noakes included at fly-half.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.
Images show the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
The dramatic changes, in a cosmic blink of an eye relative to the age of the universe, are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show.
The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page.
Now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet.
BBC say masthead change is to reflect fact all three presenters are out of contract.
Puno is a city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca.
It is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one.
The Uros Islands in the middle of the lake are made from totora reeds.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York.
Police say Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt.
McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day.
Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie, telling her to first get a security pass.
A fight then ensued. Authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to
Derry Mathews' world title challenge is in limbo after Richar Abril withdraws.
The Cuban was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool.
Daphne Selfe, 86, models for Vans and & Other Stories.
Says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist'
Has never had any surgery and shies away from botox.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series.
Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim and then broke clear in the run.
He saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.
Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
University of Hawaii spokesman Dan Meisenzahl said in a telephone interview that the university is saddened about the arrests, but that access to site must be maintained.
Five nursing students tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic.
Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.
The big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker.
Target's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning.
The 250-piece collaboration - which included clothing, accessories, and homeware from the designer at Target's lower price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers.
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay.
Three-year-old Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year.
That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, who took home £2m.
Lagerfeld, 82, said cat was picked to appear in adverts for cars in Germany.
He said she was 'too sophisticated' to advertise food for other cats.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world.
They found out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic.
Las Vegas is often referred to as 'Sin City' but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent.
Dujardin finished clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third.
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram.
The 18-year-old revealed she had been bullied about her appearance and weight.
She said she was going to turn negative comments into a positive for her life.
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against.
Fellaini was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to United at Anfield last month.
The Belgian also hails Wayne Rooney as the toughest finisher he has faced.
Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles.
One such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration.
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food.
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today.
Dr Elena Temereva came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' Lingula anatina.
Alastair Cook has not scored a Test century since May 2013.
The England captain is without a century for 33 innings.
Cook has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The striker scored a late free-kick to secure a vital point for Chris Ramsey's side.
Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital.
The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs.
Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
George Osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for top earners.
Instead he says the Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500.
He also refused to commit to devoting 2 per cent of the budget to defence.
Abase Hussen admitted taking his daughter Amira to a rally when she was 13.
He admitted the teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group Al-Muhajiroun.
Mr Hussen said he could think of 'nothing' to explain why she and two friends had decided to join IS, as well as keeping quiet about his own links to radicalism.
The lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment.
He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people.
Koeltl also noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers'
Clare Hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures.
One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant.
She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her brain tumor.
The woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire.
A 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on police bail.
The woman has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.
Police say a post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death.
Results of further tests would not be known 'for some time'
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi.
Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.
The midfielder has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player's advisor.
Sterling said he was flattered by Arsenal's interest in signing him.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.
Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban.
Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Arsenal and Manchester United clash.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago.
Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force.
Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
The soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire.
Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming wife worked as company executive.
But family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around streets.
Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between 2012 and 2014, plus money laundering and benefit fraud offences at Manchester Crown Court.
Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of date rape who is advocating for 'yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country.
The law defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Amanda blamed herself for years after her sexual assault because never actually said 'No'
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year.
More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Earners over £60,000 lost out altogether.
Picture believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock.
In the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen.
Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
James Staring, from Fit to Last, a London-based fitness company, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat.
The 28-year-old Sydney woman was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy.
She was told she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.
The woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs.
Her baby died in utero three days later after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.
The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta.
Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter.
It shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capture.
Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on Jisr al-Shughour, killing some 20 fighters.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday.
Mourinho was at Motspur Park with son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with the Cottagers.
The Chelsea manager was pitchside as Fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the Premier League International Cup semi-final clash.
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother.
Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was then his mate's mum.
The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005.
They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap.
But they feel they have proved critics wrong because they are still together.
Andy Lee's bout with Peter Quillin will no longer be a title fight.
Quillin failed to make required 160lb weight for the bout on Saturday.
The 30-year-old was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year.
William Beggs, 54, known as the Limbs in the Loch murderer, is serving a life sentence for raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999.
Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the Ayrshire coast.
Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack.
Alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to Shotts Prison.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players.
The FA chairman Greg Dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12.
Boston United beat Tamworth 2-0 in the Conference North on Monday.
Jake Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench.
Hall's on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street.
Campaign aims to stamp out myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress.
Rape Crisis London has produced 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London.
The images are accompanied by the logo #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes.
They aim to show that no matter what a woman wears she never deserves to be raped.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain.
Poll reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM.
Comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against a Labour government.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed.
No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor.
A small electric motor will drive its front wheels.
The German automaker resurrected its beloved Beetle in 1997, after various iterations of the model were made for over six decades, between 1938 and 2003.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple is listed on eBay.
It is listed with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47)
However, it is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000)
The seller, called ‘theappleipodbay’ calls the watch a 'rare collector item’
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both smashed the 35-goal mark this season.
Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals.
Solanke could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend.
Prime Minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.
He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers.
It is more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales.
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov.
He is one of five Chechan men accused of killing the opposition leader.
Dadaev had previously confessed to the killing but retracted it last month.
Human rights activist Andrei Babushkin said he had seen signs of torture.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime.
The serial killer murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992.
Milat's older brother, Boris, was jailed for the first crime his brother committed.
Bodies of the victims were found in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW.
Police later confirmed the bodies were of British backpackers Caroline Clarke and Joanne Walters.
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.
Southampton are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth.
Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham.
More than 40 years after The Exorcist left cinema audiences green, the Vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists.
The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
One of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions.
The mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK.
All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland.
He may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days.
Stuart Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball.
Broad has become a bit gun-shy, he stays leg-side of the ball and tries to play a shot every delivery.
It's not going to be easy for Broad. He is going to have Mitchell Johnson steaming in at him this summer bowling yorker, bouncer and that is probably going to carry on for the rest of his career.
Memo for members of Congress states that the UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda.
The memo was prepared by the Congressional Research Service, an in-house intelligence body that gives confidential analysis to legislators.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.
The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content.
Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness, mostly due to organ failure and suicide.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each.
The swords are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as Canada.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties.
The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
Mr Cameron is also expected to promise to link the minimum wage to increases in the income tax allowance.
Frederick's of Hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations, now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand.
The Los Angeles-based lingerie brand has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of its 94 locations.
'As a company, I think they became old and stale,' said Ron Friedman, a retail expert at consulting and accounting firm Marcum.
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
The reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post.
The image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April.
Social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault.
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession.
His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant.
Judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station.
She started ranting at staff and demanded ticket seller Malcolm Shaw let her through before lashing out at his colleague Indira Ramsaroop.
Hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The striker has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals for PSG this season.
Ibrahimovic is available for the club's Champions League clash with Barcelona.
Cheryl Silvonek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking her daughter and her boyfriend, Army Spc Caleb Barnes, to a concert.
Barnes, who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, was previously charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney, John Waldron, said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in the Champions League this season.
Lionel Messi has eight, one fewer than Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano.
Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League.
Football Shirt Friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of The Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK.
Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore.
Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home.
Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case.
They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The Portland, Oregon-based band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington Redskins should lose its trademarks.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority.
Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls - with David Cameron's Tories moving to 36 per cent.
Ms Sturgeon said she would form an anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of England cricket.
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday.
Vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the role.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol.
The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two home matches behind closed doors.
Club were also punished after fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants earlier in season.
The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m)
Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up prizes last year.
The tournament remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with.
The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating.
to 1996.
In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored.
that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the photo on Earth Day.
Patient has recently travelled in an area affected by the disease.
They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol'
Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.
Travel referral service Zicasso is offering a seven-night luxury tour of southern Spain.
The tour kicks off in Madrid, with a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral.
From Seville, fans will head to the Alcazar, a former Muslim fort celebrated for its Mudejar architecture.
Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the Grand National.
The former England rugby captain won the race in 2009.
It was the first time he had ridden in the race since 2010, when unseating at the 20th from Nozic.
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in London.
The Danish midfielder has not scored since January.
Eriksen has been with girlfriend for almost three years.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Defender David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time.
The 30-year-old admitted that the match could have gone either way.
Raven hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final.
Neanderthals inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, 200,000 years ago but were not alone.
The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there.
Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests suggest cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died in Fairdale, Illinois, when tornado struck last week.
She was killed alongside husband Clem, 84, and also injured her husband, 84.
Widower Clem Schultz was in the house with his wife when the storm struck.
But he survived because he had gone upstairs to fetch a lantern.
He was reunited with his dog Missy after she was spotted wandering.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and one count of assault for the fetus' death.
The former Fortune 500 executive told the court during his sentencing Wednesday that he was not suicidal on the day he crashed into a couple's SUV, killing them instantly.
Dellinger's attorneys claimed he was suffering from Ambien withdrawal, the effects of a psychiatric drug overdose and Prozac, and the advanced symptoms of multiple sclerosis.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager.
He referred to Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, as a 'disgrace'
Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket, draped in an American flag, was led in.
Louis Smith has been named in the squad for the European Championships.
The British gymnast won silver and bronze at London 2012.
Smith is currently dating former The Only Way is Essex star Claudia Fragapane.
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo, says Gerard Pique.
Messi suffered a foot injury in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid.
Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga with 10 games left.
Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls Feel At Home.
Feel At Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
Former Brazil defender Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run.
He was reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
But the 41-year-old angered Massone again after Ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table FC Botosani on Saturday.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in Syria in February while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)
He was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning.
His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death.
The proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral.
Mr Johnston is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom.
The black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds.
Animal Kingdom has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages.
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815.
But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Paris Saint-Germain are weighing up a move for Dynamo Kiev winger Andriy Yarmolenko.
The French giants have been warned off Manchester United's Angel di Maria.
PSG have an interest in signing Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Comes after Cameron pledged to give NHS whatever it needed - but refused to say how he will find the money.
Foxtel will screen the third season of the US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black in a full season marathon.
The move is in an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the Australian market.
A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
Douglas Bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931.
He was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp.
It was there that he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the 1944 break immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More.
This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Peter Ustinov bought the DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Spartacus.
It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500.
The 3.7-litre engine produced 240bhp and went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph.
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.
The interior is based on a New York style and provides the perfect snug hideaway from the rest of the world.
Morocco was banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
The North-African nation was fined $1 million by the Confederation of African Football.
CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation after the country pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic.
Samantha Cameron, 43, revealed her love of alternative group Poliça.
American band are inspired by radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'
Their songs feature violent imagery and include violent imagery.
The video for the first single depicts androgynous-looking singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
Dave King will have to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person.
The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month.
King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's Professional Game Board that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
He is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed.
For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront.
On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Dr Teo said he
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.
Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties.
Kristina Karo, 31, claims Mila Kunis stole her chicken as a child in Ukraine.
Karo, now living in Los Angeles, says Kunis was 'envious' of the hen.
She claims Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'you have a whole chicken farm'
Karo, whose song Give Me Green Card has more than 70,000 views on YouTube, is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills.
Worker spotted on roof 30-feet above ground on top of semi-detached home.
Neighbour noticed man carrying out work with a lack of safety equipment.
Building expert said workman should have at least had scaffolding.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
The result sets up a meeting with either Inverness or Celtic in the final.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood's side are favourites to reach the final.
Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe.
Sherwood has been a fan of the 20-year-old since he was 14.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune.
He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother.
Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the Syrian regime.
Mr Al-Assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means.
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills.
It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.
Kevin Pietersen has returned to the LV= County Championship in a bid to stake a claim for an England recall.
Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season but scored just 19 against Glamorgan.
Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating Jimmy Anderson on becoming England's leading Test wicket taker.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business.
She travels the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations.
The avid Instagrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
The 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone.
She is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts.
Cynthia Lennon died at her home in Spain yesterday after a short battle with cancer.
The second wife of the Beatles singer said she was'very saddened' by the news.
She said she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family'
She later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband, who eventually left her for Yoko Ono.
Jan Oblak has made Atletico fans forget about Thibaut Courtois and David De Gea.
The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.
Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern.
Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
The stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the World Cup in Qatar in 2022.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013.
Singleton's hair was patted down again two weeks later during a layover at Minneapolis International Airport and, once again, nothing was found.
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London.
At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold.
He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire.
The tiny chihuahua quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden.
Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.
The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports.
Federer decided to skip the Miami Open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation' his agent Tony Godsick revealed.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
People in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed.
The Japanese get an hour and a half less sleep, according to users of Sleep Cycle app.
Radamel Falcao made his name with Porto, adding to his allure with darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco during five glorious years in European football.
The Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams.
Falcao was schooled here, denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of Chelsea’s captain John Terry.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has insisted he is not a'money grabber'
PFA Chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling.
Taylor believes waiting until the season is over before resuming talks could be a wise move.
The man scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars.
He then climbed the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage.
The man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'I want a car. I've got a ticket'
Bystanders say he seemed a bit crazed, but not obviously drunk.
Video posted on social media site Vine shows girl surrounded by fellow festival goers at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest.
She faces up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking, before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game.
Seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the three officers, one of whom chose'scissors' as his option.
The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is left completely speechless with relief.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian side.
Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match.
Pauline Hanson said that halal certification is a 'profit, money-making racket'
She also said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
On Sunday morning's Today show she was asked for her views on businesses 'going to the wall' if halal certifications of food products was scrapped.
She denied that there was any violence or vitriol at the Brisbane rally.
Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture.
Sam Allardyce isn't that man. He had his chance and did not take it.
The United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile.
Sol Mokdad, the president of UAERL believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire, last June.
Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.
He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone.
Mother Maureen Baker, 45, had wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene.
Her husband Paul, 47, said his wife was depressed and unable to return to her job at Oxford University.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital.
Today, plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.
Hundreds of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace', which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres)
The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth.
Andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis during Barcelona's 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain.
Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg at the Parc des Princes.
The Spain international has won six league titles during his time at the club.
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn.
They are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal.
Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
The family homes have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of £250,000.
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert.
Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing.
Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair.
The nine-gram robots were built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California.
Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist.
He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived.
Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is at his strongest in attack.
Ferdinand believes that Rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to United hitting fifth gear.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism.
Boy held in Blackburn after police raided house in Longsight, Manchester.
Girl arrested after police raid house in the town on Friday as part of same investigation.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund.
The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal – lumping Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, with tickets.
He told her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson.
But he booked flights to Republic of Ireland instead of Wales, she tweeted.
Mr Boys, from Hailsham, East Sussex, is now planning to buy new tickets.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Mr Butler said in 2006 that his weight problem was linked to his depression and that he was addicted to food.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she, and the two cyclists who were accompanying her, missed an unmarked turn.
She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Despite her unscheduled detour, she managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59.
Four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand.
They drag the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with it.
It is legal to fish for sharks in the country, but it has become a competitive sport.
Shark fisherman focus on using peep release techniques to send sharks on their way after gaining 'biggest-catch' bragging rights.
Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas.
The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited his grave with her other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich to celebrate the life of their brother.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, was paralyzed when she fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in May 2010.
She was unable to physically carry children but her blood pressure is too low.
So college friend Laurel Humes offered to be their surrogate.
Rachelle and Chris Chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on April 18.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship.
He showed up to meet her at a local theater Thursday with a full box of condoms.
Kane, 46, is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters.
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters.
Nadal is an eight-time champion but hasn't won the tournament since 2012.
The Spaniard will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride.
But she didn't realise she would never see him again and sold him for £200.
Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community.
An appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
Diego Costa limped off during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
Costa was replaced by Loic Remy and Eden Hazard.
Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Gunmen stormed the site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets.
They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head.
An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.
Police have ruled out a fight between rival fan groups.
Noreen Spendlove, then 68, had the scan as part of the NHS breast cancer screening programme.
18 months later, shortly before her 70th birthday, the mother-of-three from Derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side, just below her breast.
Despite finding nothing abnormal, the GP referred Noreen for a mammogram.
This revealed three lumps on her left breast, which were all tumours.
UK has met the controversial target to spend 0.7% of national income on overseas aid.
But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
New total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running.
Paul Childs said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011.
He said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners.
The air steward is the second Lib Dem to go public with their HIV positive status.
Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett is the first parliamentary candidate to publicly discuss being HIV positive.
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season.
The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium.
Denayer has formed a successful partnership with Dutchman Virgil van Dijk.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson.
Zoumana Camara celebrated his birthday on Friday afternoon.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on the 36-year-old.
PSG travel to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
YouTube user MicahMedia has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg - using a glass of water.
The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10.
Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7.
But Ms Sturgeon has held out the possibility of putting Mr Miliband into power.
She insisted the SNP is not seeking any UK ministerial posts.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.
But Grand is still living on the streets, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Southern All-Stars in the first minute.
Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in our simulated All-Star game.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City.
Heath has been here for eight years and witnessed the process at first hand.
The 53-year-old speaks of the game's expansion with an almost missionary zeal.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull.
He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996.
Police are now offering a £5,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way.
But one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back to reality'
The 31-year-old said she had rebuilt her life after being'shattered' as a child.
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university.
Meanwhile, the statement says the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives.
Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty BRCA1 gene.
It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85% and ovarian cancer by 50%.
She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy to reduce her risk.
But in 2007, the 42-year-old was diagnosed with breast cancer.
Within a few months, doctors told her she was in remission.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for opening day.
Rodriguez returned from a 162-game suspension for using performance-enhancing drugs.
Fans even held up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are yet to win a Premier League game this season.
Rodgers has underperformed since taking over at Anfield last season.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky.
That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health.
Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
The growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, is on sale for £25.
It contains four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream.
Customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
NAC Breda lost 2-1 to FC Dordrecht in the Eredivisie on Saturday.
Robert Maaskant threw a right hook through the plastic casing of the dugout.
The 46-year-old then turned to his bench to further express his dissatisfaction.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30.
Talks have been held between the parties and an agreement has not yet been finalised.
Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy.
He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife.
Banged his way into her flat in Walthamstow, east London, on September 1 last year.
Judge Nicholas Cooke said he must have had a 'heart of stone' to have killed Ms Duffy.
Native American actors appearing in The Ridiculous 6, a spoof of The Magnificent Seven that stars and was written by Sandler, left the set on Wednesday.
It was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie, which is filming in New Mexico, walked off the set.
Among the many problems he cited were the costumes that were being used, the way the hair was being styled, and the film's treatment of women.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by ordeal.
But Sweet was freed and given a three-year community order on appeal.
Victim Support charity worker said 'victims deserve justice'
William Bird captured the video while out with his son Alex.
The £126million jets were approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland.
As the second jet disappeared from view, the video camera was knocked sideways.
Four men of Somali descent detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.
On Thursday, a government official revealed the informant has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs.
The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds.
The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'
The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac.
Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded.
The church used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in Auckland in New Zealand.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million.
Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand.
Wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending, as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters.
Claire Sweeney gave birth to son Jaxton in September.
The former Brookside actress has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.
She has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield.
Moments before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook.
She had told her son to come home and that she would fetch him at the station.
By the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found on the line.
Pete Bennett appeared on Jeremy Kyle today to reveal he is homeless.
The 33-year-old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago.
Despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography, Pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends.
Presenters star in campaign for Garnier Nutrisse.
Can be seen larking around with hair pulled over mouths to resemble moustache.
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, star in the shoot.
Last week Demelza Poldark was barely showing – but she is now eight months pregnant.
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner's dashing Ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.
The timeline of the pregnancy is rather less convincing, however, as the last month of her pregnancy passed in less than the blink of an eye.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
Her husband Sabino Matera posted a heartfelt thank you on Facebook.
The 37-year-old returned to her home around 6.30pm on Thursday.
Police have confirmed she has returned home and is speaking with officers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Tom Cleverley has hailed the impact of Tim Sherwood.
Chelsea Clinton gave a candid interview to Elle magazine this month about motherhood and talks of how her own mom should be the first female president of the United States.
Clinton says that though the US is the 'land of equal opportunity,' that is not true about gender, and a female president would change that.
The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’
But the rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties.
The ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton.
Michael Vaughan has been among the leading candidates to take up the newly-created role with England.
The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year.
Thibaut Courtois, David de Gea and Raheem Sterling complete the list.
The winners will be announced at the awards ceremony on April 26.
The FA Cup trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire.
Arsenal face Reading in the semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final to end nine-year trophy drought.
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday.
A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
The demolition methods were slightly unusual, and Sup McNamara, a firefighter of 30 years, said they worked well.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'
She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit.
An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London.
She travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany.
Ozcelik has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
Five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign.
Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare.
They are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare.
He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck'
He said: 'Don't you dare lecture us on poverty'
Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila.
According to a family friend of Chan's, the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain.
In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000.
Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for the name's declining popularity.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP.
The pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises.
Pub declared its support to Nigel Farage's party over the weekend.
It has left regular customers stunned and provoked a 'Marmite' reaction.
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily.
The 32-year-old hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter.
Pittman's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition.
Thiago Alcantara scored in Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto on Tuesday.
The midfielder was taken from Barcelona by Pep Guardiola.
But Moyes wasn't keen on the transfer and it was probably an early indication that he wasn't the right fit for United.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Michael Slager, 33, will not be allowed to see his first-born child for several months.
He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month pregnant wife Jamie.
They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so Slager will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden.
During the 19th century Inuits in Greenland would have entertained polite company in their settlements while wearing a thong made of seal fur.
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt.
It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had.
Di Natale played alongside Sanchez for five years at Udinese.
Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka.
It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.
The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.
In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe came to about 2,100 µSv.
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer fear facing Manchester City.
City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October.
Reid signed a new six-year deal with the Hammers this year.
Trucker lets rip after car towing a caravan moves into his lane on M6.
Car towing caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road.
Footage was posted on Facebook and viewed 2million times in 48 hours.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery.
Senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire said junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way.
Coroner also concluded senior managers tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par.
Spieth finished joint-second with Bubba Watson at last year's tournament.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Kim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
Alice McCall show grabbed the audience's attention in a clearly visual punk representation, with colourful, tattoos displayed across the back of a catwalk model.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo.
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes.
A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him - and a manhole soon went up toward the sky.
IKEA's Wedding Online allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype.
Guests from all around the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy.
Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams.
Once the date is set, the couple are allowed a six hour session which is live streamed for guests' eyes only.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse.
Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president.
He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
Kevin Pietersen was hit on the hand during Surrey's match against Oxford University.
Pietersen stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field.
The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury.
The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour.
She had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice.
Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
£60 stolen from epileptic woman's handbag in Stourbridge, West Midlands.
Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes.
Passers-by rushed to comfort her but one person took advantage of drama.
CCTV shows woman moving victim's shopping trolley before leaving market.
73% of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month.
63% steer clear of the comfort food, according to a new survey.
82% of grilled cheese fans love to travel, compared with 78% who aren’t keen.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.
The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property.
This surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews'someone' had been run down.
But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel, who had been knocked down by a car.
East on England ambulance service said it receives 2,500 calls per day.
In the last two years it has had to deal with 1,248 calls that did not need help.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh.
It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Using ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form.
Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings.
The 56-year-old could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law along.
They were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman Benjamin Khoury, 26.
She sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the visitors.
Stan Collymore has been a talkSPORT commentator since 2008.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously claimed she was forced into marriage aged 15.
But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have evidence this is untrue.
Mr Galloway produced a nikah, or Pakistani marriage certificate, at hustings.
He said Ms Shah has 'only a passing acquaintance with the truth'
But Mr Shah has hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
They say the second was drawn up when her husband tried to get a spouse visa to the UK, where marriages to those under 16 are not recognised.
Six-month-old seal was rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
She was found with breathing problems at Widemouth on the north coast of Cornwall.
Her body was recovered from a beach at Highcliffe, Dorset on Monday with severe head injuries including a broken jaw.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Liverpool's 2-0 defeat at Anfield.
The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence.
Head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Santiago Vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his Sunderland stay.
The Argentinian defender has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats this season.
Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Louis knocked out Max Schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title on June 22, 1938.
The fight was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria.
MCC reveals plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's.
The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to almost 30,000.
A new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included.
Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred.
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago.
Scientists claim to have taken a major step towards recreating the mammoth by inserting more than a dozen of the creature's genes into the live DNA of an elephant.
They have also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro.
It comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage.
The yacht costs 40million euros to build, meaning it will retail for even more.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title.
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che.
They accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah.
The pair are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne’s International Comedy Festival.
Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake.
He admitted 'we stuffed up' later on during the program.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s.
They are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates.
NHS says the guidance will improve patients' end of life care.
But medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly.
Steven Allison, 37, was on the run from the law for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women.
He had been laying low in Sydney, where he found work as a labourer and handyman, but couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 Facebook friends.
Allison posted pictures of his former life in Yorkshire and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle, saying he wanted to meet women.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes sunburned skin.
But don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand.
MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid.
Xabi Alonso will be lining up for Bayern Munich looking for his third Champions League triumph.
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Cost of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch.
It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two 'free range' kids being picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend.
The caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington, DC, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves'
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire.
Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday’s national maximum was 19.3C (67F) in Uskk, South Wales.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child.
He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 and has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection.
His favourite doll is Annabel, who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned.
Ian avoids buying his dolls on eBay as he says there is no guarantee that they would be haunted.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada.
He parked his car, jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap.
The image of his selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
Arsenal and Chelsea drew 1-1 at the Emirates in the Premier League.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho had a go at each other in pre-match interviews.
Both managers were far from being combative in their pre match interviews.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Traffic began to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
One driver in a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the manoeuvre.
But a Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes.
The Renault then swerves in the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing.
Voyager 2 space probe sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares.
In Bulgaria it is genuine: practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir.
Many hold festivals in the way that English villages stage fetes.
Illinois State associate head basketball coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow confirmed as dead.
Ward had posted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words 'My ride to the game wasn't bad'
Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year old daughter.
ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash near Bloomington, Illinois.
Prime Minister made the comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item.
Mr Cameron could then be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads.
Wanquan Castle was built in 1393 and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall.
The fortress was given the coveted title of 'Wucheng' or 'Martial City' after its construction in Zhangjiakou, China.
Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to its former glory.
Among the works being carried out is the restoration of the fortress' dilapidated outer wall.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel.
Six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape.
The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport.
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays.
She was just one week into her dream gap-year when she tragically drowned.
Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
One reviewer claims the crew had taken photographs of Ms Farrell with others before the dive, but when they contacted Wings they had been deleted.
Ms Farrell was found 11 metres down on the seabed in Blue Pearl Bay, a beauty spot popular with divers
Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of Hefei City.
He is begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p - the equivalent of 54p.
His son Minghao, nine, has been in and out of hospital for treatment since 2011.
The next course of treatment will cost up to 500,000 yuan (£43,600 to £54,600)
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939.
The schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother Dennis, who was seven at the time, but she disappeared when he lost sight of her.
Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
Terry Phillips, 71, who is Joyce's cousin, has accused the Metropolitan Police of a 'cover-up' after the force said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to the mystery suspect
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5-3 win at Marseille.
Marseille had not won at home since January 31, but the odds were still stacked against visitors Lorient.
Florian Thauvin might have given Marseille a sixth-minute lead.
But the Breton side were 2-0 ahead inside 13 minutes through Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou.
Soldiers were buried at Prowse Point Cemetery, south of Ypres, in Belgium.
They were buried with full military honours in an emotional ceremony this morning.
Their graves will be labelled 'Known Unto God' - a description chosen by author Rudyard Kipling.
Barclays Premier League announce final set of televised fixtures.
Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed.
Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17.
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time.
Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste.
They watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
Researchers say the genes were lost after cold Antarctic temperatures interfered with taste perception.
University of Michigan researchers said they were surprised by the discovery.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
The 28-year-old was walking in Marylebone when she was attacked.
She is said to have been left devastated by the nature of the text messages.
Miss Gascoigne adopted her father after he married her mother Sheryl in 1996.
Chipotle will work with Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned.
Jamie Carragher backed Rodgers to stay at Anfield.
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the Calbuco volcano.
Since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views.
The Volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption.
Officers found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.
Canines were used for fillings of traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as Newcastle United head coach.
Thousands of supporters are planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs.
Carver has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad.
Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver.
Princess Eugenie attended the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City.
The 25-year-old looked glamorous in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
She was joined by Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon.
The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday.
Police have launched a state-wide search for the drama and English teacher.
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday.
Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts.
Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite the warnings.
Whelan was punished by the FA for his comments about the Chinese and Jewish communities and was left with little choice but to step down as chairman.
Tibetan Mastiffs are now so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses.
The dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is being blamed on the Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
Previously wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions.
Livingston face Alloa in the Petrofac Cup final on Sunday.
Shaun Cole, 22, was found dead in a Miami street last weekend.
His cousin, a soldier who served in Afghanistan, was on holiday in Florida.
Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful Darren Cole will play.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'
Campbell believed the victim, Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles.
Valecce had been staying in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in Mayfair, in the city's northeast.
The basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.
The aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience.
The inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats, the work of Italian design Iacobucci – as well as uniformed cabin crew.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup third round on Monday.
John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside.
The Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list.
Each week Sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best Barclays Premier League starting XI of the day.
Billy McNeill won nine league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967.
He was named the Scottish Footballer of the Year in season 1964-65, the first ever winner of the award.
As a player and manager, he enjoyed a 27-year association with Celtic Football Club.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker.
She told police a lighter was held to the side of her face, burning her.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race.
A man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at Tottenham under Mauricio Pochettino.
Tottenham will subsidise the striker's £100,000-per-week wages.
The 31-year-old has made just nine league starts this season.
Oskar Groening is on trial accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people.
The 93-year-old former death camp clerk has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
Eva Kor, 81, was once the subject of Josef Mengele's monstrous human experiments.
She claims Groening was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted.
West Ham host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost four of their last six matches.
The Hammers are also in need of a pick-me-up after Stoke defeat.
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday.
It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed.
Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days.
He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks in the Sahara Desert.
The father-of-three, known affectionately by his friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables.
Porsche have put their newest vehicle to the test in a mesmerising world-first stunt in the Australia Outback.
The video depicts the 918 Spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the on the Stuart Highway, north of Alice Springs.
It is part of a promotional tour of Australia that showcases the companies E- hybrid models.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing.
Moody, 36, said: 'There were murmurs about it and instead of it being a smooth landing I think maybe they had to put the plane down a bit quicker than normal'
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer.
They are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek.
Mouth ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in Portland.
Manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up.
But she received handwritten apology letter and Ben & Jerry's gift card.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored Barcelona's 400th Champions League goal.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 to reach the last 16.
Federer has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training.
The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said rising retirement age was unfair.
She said pensioners in Scotland don't live as long as their counterparts.
Miss Sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ‘at least’ £160 a week.
The 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show.
Savannah showed a clip of baby Vale ready for bed in a light blue onesie printed with pink birds – but as soon as she started caressing her daughter's face with the tissue, the infant broke out into a wide smile.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder.
Scotland winger has been out of action since January.
Gregor Townsend has been able to call upon the services of Finn Russll.
Kyle Hargreaves, 18, kissed a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance.
The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a man.
They returned to find the teenager and the girl lying on top of each other.
He pleaded guilty to assaulting paramedic Michael Newman and breaching his Antisocial Behaviour Order by using threatening behaviour towards him.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul.
The country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city.
Use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement criticised by South Koreans.
Move echoes that of Sony Pictures Entertainment and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the Mexican government had offered the studios $20m to ensure a positive portrayal of the country.
Ed Balls claims David Cameron has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires.
Shadow chancellor claims voters have lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes.
Cameron has claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'
But Balls predicted a Tory government would hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax for earnings over £150,000 from 45p to 40p.
Protesters at McGuffey High School in Washington County, Pennsylvania wore flannel shirts to school and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands.
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
Organizers of the anti-gay movement have promised further clothing-related protests this week including wearing orange.
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve.
It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.
The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago.
Fossil is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within 10 days.
The 24-year-old was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation.
Russian media reports have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world.
Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference.
The more he exercises, the stronger his erection.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area.
The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Police will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder.
By 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with the largest proportion of followers in India.
Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050.
The number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151.
West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels reached 103 against England.
Samuels will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball in a demanding Test match.
There is no easy option during five hard-fought days.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship.
The tournament starts in Sheffield on Saturday.
Defending champion Mark Selby will play Norwegian Kurt Maflin.
Mikki Nicholson stepped in front of a train after suffering daily verbal abuse.
The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting.
But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads.
Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around.
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels.
The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. The officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack.
Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto the MoD's website.
It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities and depth of concrete on the runway.
The details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina.
This comes as Argentina is preparing to lease 12 Sukhoi SU-24 bombers.
Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split.
She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
Miss Bonas has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke.
The 45-year-old suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012.
It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow.
His partner Binny Moore and family planted a secret camera in his room.
Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, 22, had planned to marry this month.
But Dong was diagnosed with bone cancer and admitted to hospital.
Guo arranged for professional photographers to take pictures for the besotted couple.
Puffin was spotted swimming in Grand Union canal earlier this month.
It apparently flew into London along the Thames, close to A4 flyover.
Bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket, before being handed to specialist centre.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago.
They are now preparing to welcome their third baby after enlisting three surrogate mothers.
Phoenix Blue was born naturally on January 14 after a 16-hour induced labour.
Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at Viktoria Ellis’s home on February 25.
Baby number three – known to be a boy – is being carried by Bex’ll sister-in-law Becky Harris and is due in July.
Graeme McDowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National.
The former US Open champion is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the Valero Texas Open last month.
Steven Finn has vowed to regain his England place despite missing the West Indies tour.
Finn hit back at critics who say he should be hitting 90mph.
The 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal World Cup run.
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova.
The 24-year-old has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012.
Cook is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of Lutalo Muhammad.
Collin Burns completed a Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds.
The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an event in Pennsylvania.
He shaved 0.3 of a second off the world record.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock.
Ronny Deila said Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.
Celtic could now win the title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games against Arsenal.
The Ivorian striker has averaged one goal every 78 minutes.
Drogba is expected to return to The Emirates on Sunday.
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial.
Rezaian is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'
Iran is subject to sanctions from the U.S, Europe and the United Nations due to its nuclear program.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday.
Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence.
Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time and the fetus did not survive.
The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000.
But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for auction house Barons.
It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple.
When it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary.
He claimed Madeleine had died in an accident instead of being abducted.
Couple were expected to receive around £1million in damages.
Amaral's lawyers have leave to appeal the ruling.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight.
It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies.
From Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford, to Neil Armstrong and Poldark, these images prove there is nothing that photoshop cannot achieve.
The Cool Ed Miliband account was created just last Saturday and has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader.
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch.
A New Yorker in New York invited her son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory.
The high level of detail extends to the inclusion of political borders and tiny coastal islands.
Loic Remy scored twice in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday.
The striker also netted Chelsea's winner against Hull before the international break.
Jose Mourinho has praised Remy's professionalism and scoring ability.
Michael Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday.
The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer.
Phelps will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.
Donald Sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades.
Shelly insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am.
He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning.
The university administration had 'heard rumors' about hazing and that Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is investigating the student's death.
Parks' mother, Carolyn Parks, said she didn't know why her son would decide to swim in the ocean.
David Rylance, 47, stole money from his mother, who was suffering from Alzheimer's.
Pensioner's concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease.
But in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away.
He spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs.
Rylance admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed.
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old.
Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Boeing 777-300ER diverted to Mumbai to refuel eight hours into flight.
After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital.
The twin-engine plane turned around over the Arabian Sea and returned.
It made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble.
The small fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack.
It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position.
But resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug to the policeman in November 2013.
The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead.
Revins, at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday, admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event is packed with informative seminars.
Experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights.
Some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast and flourishing e-book market.
Woman, 20, was driving on I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver.
Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck.
She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean.
Miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
Cameron Thomas Philp was passing a crime scene in Brisbane on May 3, 2013.
He graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van.
Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
Its deck has a deck spanning 14,700sqft, so rather than search the entire thing by hand, Russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead.
Three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5's London HQ.
The youngsters even got to attend a meeting with the security service's director-general Andrew Parker.
Cameras were allowed inside the service's HQ to film the budding young Bonds.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday.
Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail.
He was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Herm
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.
Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Vietnamese Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome.
Their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match.
Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses'
They stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala.
Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG.
Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday, when Palermo lost 1-0 against Parma.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is going into the race in better shape.
The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season.
O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion.
Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
Christy Mack, 23, claims Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive four months into their one-year relationship.
Mack was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a fractured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib.
She is now in hospital fighting for her life, and has to wear glasses and a wig.
Koppenhhaver will be tried this fall for attempted murder.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on Wednesday night.
Suarez scored Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition.
Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers on the continent.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday to announce their claims.
Their attorney Gloria Allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament.
Spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected.
Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed a racial slur at Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky during a press conference after the Wildcats lost 71-64 to the Badgers Saturday.
Harrison covered his mouth and said 'f*** that n****' - but his microphone still projected the comment.
Social media immediately lit up with tweets about what Harrison said along with video clips, and the program looked into the matter.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but not normal, says naturopathic doctor Dr Lara Briden.
Dr Briden says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay.
Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
The man, of no fixed address, faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money.
His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Sheffield Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season.
The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Defender Tom Lees is in line to be offered a new deal at the club.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are preparing to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27.
Gary has revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into garden.
He then slammed her head into concrete paving 11 times then shot her five times.
Severiano later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'
Police found four handguns, a shotgun and a bullet proof vest in his car.
Ashley says the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone.
She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line.
The Nefertiti Lift, or lower face rejuvenation has become a must have in Hollywood right now, and you can understand why.
A 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough.
Firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy, who was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought unusual court case against Nicola, 48.
Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage.
DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash.
The flight was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, with 144 passengers and six crew members on board.
Letizia and King Felipe also prayed for the victims during the service, which took the form of a Catholic mass.
Labour leader admitted his party had been 'too timid' on immigration.
But he insisted that for communities to live together they must use a shared language.
Tories said there was nothing in Mr Miliband's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to Britain, after net migration hit 298,000 in a year.
Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.
She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage.
Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
Charlene Jeffs has filed for divorce from Lyle Jeffs, brother of polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs.
She claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
Mrs Jeffs claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Daniel Ricciardo has been training with a martial artist ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Red Bull driver has struggled with his new skills this season.
Red Bull have fallen behind Mercedes in the Formula One standings.
Ricciardo finished sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
Sprouse carried a shotgun into the store the afternoon of Oct. 6, 2002, while he made a purchase and then walked outside and fired toward two men at a pay phone.
He went to his car and appeared to have some trouble with it, then shot and killed a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38.
The U.S. Supreme Court in November refused to review Sprouse's case.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park.
The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
Witnesses captured footage of NSW Fire and Rescue crews working to put out the flames.
Tony McCoy crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport.
McCoy left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny.
Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005.
This year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan.
Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
In an attempt to reduce its prison population, California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine.
His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind.
Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated.
England were all out when Jimmy Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder.
Root was left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting on the fourth morning in Grenada.
Chris Jordan played out a close battle with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder.
Jordan removed Darren Bravo for 10 early on, but not everyone was impressed.
Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career for the West Indies has lasted over 21 years.
The Vasimr engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
It works with plasma, an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled by strong magnetic fields.
The higher the temperature of the exhaust gases, the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency.
Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space.
This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype, the VX-200-SS, which will be able to fire continuously for more
Drug company Novartis accused of trying to block trials of cancer drug.
BMJ says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet AMD as current treatment.
Drug company has allegedly tried to ‘do everything’ it can to stop trials.
Wet AMD is the most common form of blindness in people over 50.
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the East Village.
He reportedly began attacking officers and was shot in the chest.
David had reportedly been trying to flee through the fire escape.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year.
Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care, because cancer is easier to treat if detected early.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates comes in three different flavours.
David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour and Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
As yet there are no plans for a Nigel Farage chocolate this year.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades.
Investigation team involving six agencies in US and Britain want him put on trial.
Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
The Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site.
It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features.
Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls.
The replica cave will open to the public on April 25.
Collette Dinnigan has put her luxurious Paddington home on the market after splashing out on a stylish waterfront home.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime real estate.
Dinnigan and her husband carefully renovated the property to be'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary'
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as'slide trikes'
The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill famed for its 35 per cent gradient.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were rescued from the Thames.
Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance.
The rowers were training for the Boat Race which takes place on April 11.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to his ex-girlfriend, Melissa.
The Sydney man has tweeted 135 tweets about his former-girlfriend and has about 23k followers.
Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday.
West Ham's James Collins lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive.
Assange and Wikileaks issued a statement on Thursday saying that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal.
They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents.
Crown Princess Mary treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
The quartet of four crouched down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute.
Alexandre Lacazette doubled the lead eight minutes later.
French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)
In Twitter’s place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans.
Manchester City have over eight million Weibo followers compared to 2.4million on Twitter.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities at Liverpool.
Sterling was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside team-mate Jordon Ibe.
The midfielder has once again not been fined after the Liverpool boss spoke to him as well as Ibe on Thursday and the club insist the case is now closed.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger.
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'
Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, Angel Guzman, said.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001.
The 33-year-old has played for England for 13 years, 310 days.
Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days.
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma.
The Blues' under 19 captain was on the bench for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
Brown flew back to London, watched from the dug-out as a late goal from Cesc Fabregas took Chelsea a step closer to the title.
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers.
Customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday.
She is now terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly, who she has a close bond with.
The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week.
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a Doberman while canvassing in his constituency in Doncaster.
The 44-year-old said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached'
But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife he was secretly going out with their'mutual friend'
The politician persisted in trying to bore his wife with constant talk of economics, which she can't stand.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on Friday.
This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of Los Angeles-based style website Who What Wear.
In a new article published on her website, the editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament.
Flats says the buzz around the game is palpable from the north east to east London.
England came up short against France in the Six Nations.
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day.
Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour's'state intrusion'
Research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public.
Manchester City were beaten 3-1 by Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Vincent Kompany believes a win against United will help rectify their season.
Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure after a disappointing season.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways.
He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London.
Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11.
Bosch hit the ball into a strong wind in the final act of the last eight showdown.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty.
Nico Rosberg secured his third win in four races this season.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to his best.
Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens.
The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Carbon monoxide, an odorless and colorless gas, is created when some fuels are burned.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
They have been released at the request of some of the victims' families.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' family.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they didn't know who led British forces against France in the battle.
Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station or the Abba song than the actual battle.
Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends.
'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
David Silva returned to Manchester City training on Tuesday.
The Manchester City playmaker was injured when he was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate.
Silva required eight minutes of treatment on the field before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination.
But tests revealed the 29-year-old had suffered no fractures.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
Cook applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
The 24-year-old has already received his passport from the small eastern European state.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane Tuesday morning local time, putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes.
The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand.
Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement.
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back to the Hotel Don Pancho.
They were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed.
CCTV footage shows a pickpocket in purple reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket.
Her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden, 78.
The Ogdens followed the crooks out of the hotel and got their wallets back.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death Kevin Rivera, 21, on Sunday.
Couple had just returned from celebrating daughter's first birthday together.
Diaz reportedly intervened after couple got into a dispute at their Brooklyn home.
He allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with a knife.
When medics arrived at property, they found Mr Rivera with chest wound.
Mr Rivera, who also suffered slashes to his arms, later pronounced dead.
Dita Von Teese will offer guests an insight into the glamorous world of burlesque.
The forty-two-year-old fashion designer will run presentations and classes.
Von Teese believes her workshops can build women's confidence.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool.
Burnley striker has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Ings has also been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russia president Valdimir Putin on a World Cup visit on Monday.
Blatter said nothing will stop Russia from hosting the best World Cup in the tournament's history in 2018.
The Swiss was set to hold a working visit with Putin.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence.
He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work.
Since he didn't give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online.
Chelsea held Arsenal to a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho has hit out at Arsenal for their 11-year wait for the title.
The Blues boss branded their 11 years without winning the league 'boring'
Mourinho believes John Terry's performance against Arsenal was his best ever.
Click here for more Chelsea news.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5.
Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles away in Gary, Indiana.
Police believe the woman posed as a social worker and convinced Fleming to come with her to Gary.
Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby.
Incredibly, the baby has been found by police and is safe.
Matt Giteau has been an outstanding force for Toulon in the French club's back-to-back Heineken Cup triumphs and Top 14 title success last season.
The 32-year-old has discovered that he is eligible to play for the Wallabies again.
Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad — providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
Mike Holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'God's will'
He says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives.
If they had completed just one year in care each, it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile in New York.
She wore a black bowler hat, black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt.
Eugenie recently turned 25 and lives three and a half thousand miles away.
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America.
Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village of Supai.
The village has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the 2010 World Cup.
The 35-year-old made a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it.
Green faces his former club West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
His views are likely to be controversial with conservationists warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on Earth.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist.
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after holding up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year.
The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles.
Police eventually caught up with the men, arresting them and they have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court.
Conchita van der Waal worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years.
The 46-year-old offered a range of 'kinky' sexual services to clients.
She has also been offering her services at more than £300 an hour.
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to change the time of Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election.
He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.
Mr Wilson went to the home of BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action.
As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away, but he didn't stop him and she started punching him in the head multiple times.
The robber disappeared into the woods
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters.
Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
In a timely release just days before the start of her presidential campaign, Clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book 'Hard Choices' why she decided to take the presidential leap.
Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Liam Fox.
Boulter is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat.
Tugsendhat is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals on June 6.
The two sides have only met twice this season, both times in La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League trophy.
Lionel Messi and Lionel Messi have had many duels, and could have another one this season.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics.
But thanks to his uncanny similarity to the One Direction singer, he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page.
Every picture that Flamur posts on his page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon.
The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were attacked by an unknown woman on the train.
Police are now investigating the incident and are urging anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward.
A Brisbane mosque has offered the couple an all-expenses-paid trip to the Gold Coast for a night and to see their mosque.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the four-time winners.
Barcelona travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy, to an iPhone.
Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset.
It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Stuart McCall has been reassured that the decision will not affect his squad's promotion push.
The Gers boss does not expect it to derail his charge for the play-offs.
Man believed to be from Mozambique taken to Johannesburg hospital where he died.
At least six people have been killed and thousands have been displaced.
Violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban several weeks ago.
President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants from Africa and South Asia.
Mike Tindall bought horse Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner.
After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!!’
After he bought the horse Zara called him an idiot, but she was there with him, cheering the horse home as it almost caught the winner Many Clouds.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria says women can only refuse sex if they are menstruating, sick or just given birth.
Claims wife's right to say no was lost when her father handed her to her new husband.
Judith Russell took to the stand in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
She told how her daughter Katherine converted to Islam after meeting Tsarnaev's brother Tamerlan.
Defense lawyers for Tsarnaev have argued that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling.
The Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey.
Department of Defence and the Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work.
Virgin, the second-largest airline in the country, was reportedly handed the accolade for its ‘pleasant working atmosphere, a good work-life balance and strong management’
Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas.
He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge.
Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke online.
But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack.
Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online.
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations is a big challenge.
The 29-year-old will return to hurdling at the Great City games in Manchester in May.
She will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of May.
Robert Kirkland, who founded the home decor store that bears his last name, died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure.
Kirkland's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states.
He donated millions to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old wideman was offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield.
Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Jon Walters.
Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has become one of Britain's most elite sporting venues since Prince Charles joined in 1982.
It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman.
But attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court.
Ronald Peijenburg, owner of the De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur, has previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable.
But the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands.
Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal.
Everton boss Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.
Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Saturday's trip to Swansea.
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note.
His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital.
She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
Ms Parkes said: 'Every time they see him they just take everything off him'
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday.
Turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest.
It said Pope Francis had caused a 'problem of trust'
Today was the first time a pope has publicly used the term.
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game.
The eight-year-old boy was taken to hospital after falling victim to'sleeper'
The game involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen.
Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester.
In the email he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct'
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race.
He was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart.
The veteran explorer previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted.
The youngster was on the second day of a holiday in Matheran, India.
She was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival.
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up.
He was knocked down by the tsunami of snow and suffered facial injuries.
The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.
Stefano Mauri and Miroslav Klose scored for the Biancocelesti.
Roma now lead Serie A leaders Juventus by a single point.
Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010.
He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital.
A new evaluation was ordered earlier this year after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
Wang, who represented himself at the hearing, is due back in court on May 21.
Victoria McKennon is one class short of the credits she needs to graduate.
The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits.
Plano Senior High School in Texas has set out a way to make up the missing credits.
But her family say they do not want her to be awarded credits she didn't get.
Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length in the waterways of Western Australia.
Introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them.
In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful.
But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles.
He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990.
The seven-car Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h)
The train travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph.
It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h), according to engineers.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the tracks and are propelled by electrically charged magnets.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore reduces friction, providing a faster and quieter service.
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.
Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant.
But the desperate couple then had their benefits cut.
Philip was given a lifeline by local businessman Jasen Jackiw.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday.
'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets.
This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform.
More than 300,000 screens went offline for several hours just after the start of trading.
Traders were unable to work and the Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds on the debt markets had to be delayed.
Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network'
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on Instagram of him undergoing close-up shots.
The Crystal Palace winger helped his side defeat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday.
Zaha has scored twice for the Eagles since signing permanently.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face firing squad within days.
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Chan and.
Sukumaran.
The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday.
Angie Donohue has revealed her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her, not once, but twice.
The 43-year-old was forced into hiding after he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘various people’ to kill for money.
She said he became increasingly possessive, always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do.
After the birth of their son, she was about to leave her controlling husband when he pleaded that he would change.
Turia Pitt was burned to 64 per cent of her body during a 2011 ultramarathon in Western Australia.
She has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames.
Turia will hold a fundraising gala on Thursday to raise funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods.
'I'm fitter now than I was before!' Turia told Daily Mail Australia.
Edinburgh host London Irish in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested.
Head coach Alan Solomons has named his strongest XV.
Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport is set to be the world's biggest.
It will cover 700,000 square metres, and will handle 45million passengers a year.
Designs focus on creating a feeling of space and openness, which is reflected in the flowing lines of the roof.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk was sent off in the first half against Inter Milan.
The defender believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died in 1909 at the age of 74.
She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
The details of where and how she died remained a mystery for years.
Her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records.
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season.
The Italy Under 20 international is on loan at Northampton.
Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward.
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock.
He thought up to solve problem of determining longitude at sea.
It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich.
Time was measured using a radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock.
Couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams'
Neighbours described wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them awake.
Couple, who are in their 30s, have been ordered to pay £9,000 in damages.
The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago.
A large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.
The crush caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three and injuring a dozen more.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings.
Couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day.
Services have fallen from 40 per cent to 35 in the past five years.
The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020, compared to £15,494.54 in 2013.
Former prime minister said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'
But he said her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster.
He urged 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour in the General Election.
The four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted by member of the Prime Minister's staff on the roof of his principle office and residence in Tokyo.
The radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body.
It is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy.
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for the clash.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job.
Strikers Stevan Jovetic and Wilfried Bony are already out through injury.
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup.
The Emirates logo adorns the famous green and white shirts once worn by Brazilian legend Pele.
Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are one of the most famous duos in the world.
The couple booked out an entire floor at the five-star Hilton Malta.
Sydney's Intercontinental hotel was the scene of Brangelina's balcony argument.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market.
The Ibrox outfit were unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad)
Paul Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
Wolverhampton beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium on Saturday.
Benik Afobe scored the winner with 25 minutes remaining.
James McClean was sent off in injury time for a second bookable offence.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding on his future.
The Spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli.
Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following his fine form.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV)
The bike will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada.
It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac.
The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Jeremy Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA.
The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear.
Victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
Jackson, of Newport Beach, Calif., has not addressed the arrest on social media.
The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies.
The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three other sequels to come.
According to a new survey in The Hollywood Reporter, there are six superstars around that can command a major opening based on their fan base.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 years and three months.
A third of adults met their closest friends while at school with a fifth saying they met them at work.
Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
Edinson Cavani has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
PSG lost 2-0 to Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie.
The Uruguayan striker went for a day out at the zoo.
The great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack.
Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor Alexander Soumbadze who has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
The Georgian national has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography, after which police say he fled the country.
An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago.
The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He gets weaker as he grows older and is now'very floppy'
His parents are planning to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
It will turn off its transmitters on January 11 2017.
The move could save £17 million a year (NOK 200 million)
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career in Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea.
Adam picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Thibaut Courtois.
The 29-year-old was left on his back after Adam's audacious effort.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the University of New South Wales in Australia found.
The study, of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25, found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours.
Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage.
He was 48 ears old.
The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters to be with his wife.
Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game.
Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & SaatchI, wears the exact same outfit every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only'
The unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when, with 'a fairly important meeting on the horizon' she began trying on a variety outfits.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Sunday.
The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham.
He has not scored in the league for Spurs since the 2-1 defeat to Newcastle in October.
Campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month.
They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
£60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each – for the project.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County.
Thomas was 18 at the time, and Titch was 17, and both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
Titch died behind bars last year at the age of 55.
Porto host Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
The Portuguese side are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Bayern are also without Javi Martinez and Mehdi Benatia.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch.
But having a budget store such as an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood.
Two traffic officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire.
They pulled over a driver who they suspected was speeding and spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark.
At the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
The caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway.
Twitter users have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations using the hashtag #realisticYA.
Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels, but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions.
Some tweets simply address that at a time when many teenagers are going through the awkward stages of puberty, the YA protagonists are completely free from any awkward ailments.
Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking charted eight year investigation.
It claims Chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year.
Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed.
One former medical student revealed how ‘blood was still running’ as he cut through a body.
George Osborne admitted he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark.
He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson.
The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain'
He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America.
The teenagers and young adults have faced discrimination throughout their lives.
But now, they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence.
They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows.
Some of them are even working stints as runway models.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free.
A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast.
Four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett.
The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite.
Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of QPR.
Tim Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Villa Park.
Sherwood rates Ramsey as one of this country’s best coaches.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked.
In fact, according to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
Judy Murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly.
But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage.
The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year.
Diego Maradona scored the winner during a charity match in Bogota.
The 1986 World Cup winner was surrounded by media and cameraman.
Maradona was keen to get a message of peace across to his fans in the stands.
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team at the end of the season.
Newcastle face Swansea at St James' Park on Sunday.
De Jong has been plagued by injuries since arriving from Ajax.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season, according to Arsenal.
The England midfielder has not featured for the Gunners since November 22.
Wilshere has always maintained that he wants to remain at Arsenal for the rest of his career.
Justin Bieber will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring.
The Canadian pop singer has accompanied Mayweather on numerous occasions.
May 2 fight is billed as the biggest fight in history.
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK.
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife.
Gillian Nelson, 34, died after complications arose with birth of son Wesley.
He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital in Bromley, Kent, at 3.45am.
She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am on January 28, 2014.
Fish and chips has become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner, but it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad.
Franck Ribery was convinced to reject Real Madrid five years ago.
The French winger was sold on his importance to Bayern Munich.
Ribery has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers.
She was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman at the Great Wall of China.
Police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, and ruled the death an accident.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a three-bedroom home.
The home, dubbed 'PV14,' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake.
Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight combat vessels to waters off Yemen to keep an eye on the shipment.
Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
The coalition of Arab countries backed by America continued its aerial assault on the rebels today, killing at least 20 in the capital Sana'a.
Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren refused to say whether the US flotilla - armed with F18 fighter jets - would intercept the fleet if it neared a Yemeni port.
Samantha Cameron, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold.
Wore midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck made from non-crease poly twill fabric.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire.
Coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
The hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona.
English referee will be assisted by five other Englishmen.
Clattenburg is regarded by UEFA to be England's top official.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.
He said Boko Haram fighters had been murdering women and girls.
They had been using children as 'expendable cannon fodder'
This comes in response to reports of hundreds of women and children being seized.
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan.
Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show for the 25th anniversary screening.
James Bond would have died minutes into his last movie Skyfall.
He was hit by a depleted uranium shell and then fell from a speeding train.
The bullet would have 'turned his lungs inside out and killed him'
The radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions'
On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her.
When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, according to police.
Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington.
An Amber Alert was issued for
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack.
He was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar in Quincy.
Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.
Fahey was arrested last Thursday following the attack after a witness identified him, but was scared for his life due to Fahey's reputation as a 'dangerous person'
Bayern Munich travel to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss the game.
Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today.
He was charged with possessing an explosive substance and ammunition.
The charges were brought by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Arwani was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria.
His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona so far this season.
The Barcelona star has kept a match ball from every game.
Messi will be hoping to add another to his list when Barca take on PSG.
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign.
She showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes.
Rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range.
Christien Sechrist, 20, from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
But a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Despite his critics' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo, Christien told Buzzfeed that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.
The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family refers to as Baby L.
Giles' family said that she opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room.
Then, her father showed her a photo of her son, and she followed the picture again.
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night.
The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed.
Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser after Jermaine Beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.
The pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through Adam Federici's legs.
The Gunners return to Wembley on May 30 to try to defend the trophy.
Gareth McCleary's second-half strike went over the line for Reading.
Colleen Ann Harris, known to family as 'Grandma Cokie', wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back.
Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013.
Mrs Harris testified that she couldn't recall the events leading up to his death because of traumatic memory loss.
An Australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria.
The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed.
Unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment, the fighter did confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village, near the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
They show the true horror of the doomed Gallipoli landings during World War One, which claimed 140,000 lives.
An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916.
After huge losses on both sides, the Allies successfully evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals.
The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
She marked her return to work by apologizing for her 'hurtful' actions and has asked fans for a second chance.
Jack Mascitelli, 18, ran naked through the streets of Byron Bay to win a free kebab.
The prank backfired when he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers.
He was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire.
He agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate.
But Mr Myers started eating an onion ring and Lawson was angered.
Lawson shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh.
Recorder spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year.
Paula Radcliffe set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003.
The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.
Radcliffe was in nowhere near the condition she was in when she set the 26.2mile world record in April 2003.
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11.
It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria.
Environmental group Greenpeace criticised the decision to tow the vessel out.
The slick is also threatening the Canary Islands of Tenerife and La Gomera.
Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody.
The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
Last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman.
Aaron Cresswell has been a consistent performer for West Ham this season.
The 25-year-old has scored twice in the Premier League this term.
But Sam Allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for him.
Jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city.
It is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach.
But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 on converting a narrowboat into a German submarine.
He was jailed for a total of four years and eight months at Manchester Crown Court.
His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was also jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton.
It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.
At the time, the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air.
The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso.
McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and doesn't like star talent.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device.
Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification.
A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez in San Jose.
Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.
After the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the car.
He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby.
Family have since set up a GoFundMe page in her memory.
Study by Kärcher reveals six in ten Brits are too busy to clean.
One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far.
A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned windows before.
Other top ranking 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in plug hole.
More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended the hour-long service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn.
Many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in his suicide.
Some friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt'
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal.
The elephant then quickly retreats and Mr Ramiul walks away miraculously unharmed.
Footage was captured by frightened onlooker, Sushovon Das on Tuesday.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK.
The supermarket beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title.
Its Big Breakfast is one of the most popular items on its extensive morning menu.
It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards.
Russian supermodel, 29, split from footballer Christiano Ronaldo in January.
She has teamed retro-inspired sunglasses collection with plunging metallic swimsuit.
Her stylish male companion, model Jarrod Scott, smiles and observes her.
Jarrod jumps in the pool himself and gives the camera his best Blue Steel look.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit Matthew Leeke over the head with a bottle.
The 20-year-old victim had been out with friends when the assault took place.
Hallisey was jailed for four years at Cardiff Crown Court.
The JW Marriott Houston Downtown enlisted the help of American designer, David Peck, for their recent uniform overhaul.
The looks are meant to evoke an East Coast high-society sensibility, relying heavily on bold accents.
MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.
Since the summer of 2013, a number of GP surgeries in London have been piloting seven-day opening, as part of the Challenge Fund initiative.
Funding for which was recently increased from £50 million to £100 million.
Study found eight per cent drop in A&E attendances among patients of the pilot surgeries compared to the control group.
Len McCluskey is highly popular with activists in Wales.
His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted.
Unite is intertwined with the Labour Party's structure, MPs and finances.
But it remains addicted to failed socialist policies of the past.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the NSW mid-north coast.
The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Detective Superintendent Mick Willing.
William's parents released a heart-wrenching video earlier on Friday begging for his return.
They have also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters at Augusta.
The 21-year-old has set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final.
Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard.
But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, are still posing a threat.
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The French striker missed Madrid's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being 'the best coach in history in his first 50 games'
Tuttosport celebrate Juventus's march towards the Serie A title following their 2-0 victory against Lazio on Saturday.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago.
Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk Champions League aspirations.
Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer's commitments.
Mauricio Pochettino will be given a hostile reception at St Mary's on Saturday.
Southampton fans are planning to show support for Ronald Koeman, his brother and assistant head coach Erwin Koeman and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg.
Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in the summer.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the gym.
The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year.
'You really shouldn't have to do all this to live a happy life,' said Jean Green Dorsey, 75, who has lived in the building since 1972.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Loftus Park on Monday night.
Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy.
The ball boy initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball.
But the cheeky lad decides to embarrass the former England No 1 by rolling the ball through his legs.
Lib Dem leader says he was better at languages and art when he was at school.
He will use manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy and fairer society'
He has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion from crackdown on tax avoidance and £12 billion in public spending reductions.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success.
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday.
But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
Six-strong gang captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night.
They successfully broke into the building in the heart of London’s jewellery district.
But footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping.
Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
The incredible showing of strength was videoed at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province.
The woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986.
She had said goodbye to everyone except for her beloved team.
But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery.
Johnson passed away shortly after, just as he was leaving, her family said.
A third of GP training posts remain unfilled, new figures show.
This means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year.
Doctors warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled.
Opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times.
Nestled along the shore of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the resort is a quick monorail ride away from the theme park.
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer.
The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on July 29.
Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Scott Dann set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2)
Dann was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move.
The speed of it, plus two players blocking his view, made it unbelievably hard.
Poet Rupert Brooke died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27.
He had a string of affairs with various women before he died in 1915.
The letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands.
They have been bought by King's College, Cambridge, where he was a student.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.
They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
The fishermen described being beaten, kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given Taser-like electric shocks.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South.
Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea as a teacher.
He said: 'The military is ever present and must be respected and everybody does (respect it), but Korea has been divided for decades'
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW.
The attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by police on Friday after the incident took place on Sunday night at Charlestown Square shopping centre, Newcastle.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies when they were attacked.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday.
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.
This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen.
The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad.
He began running towards the animals, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!'
Mr Kumar later explained that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance'
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
The Italy striker scored against England in a friendly on Tuesday.
Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for continuing to support him.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
The demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
Candelick Park was completed in 1960 and was home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers.
The park has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.
In 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog, but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football.
Joe Montana led the 49ers to four Super Bowls while playing at Candlestick.
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber.
The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3, 2013.
Acevedo repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers.
They are urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like'
With the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal, the White House said administration
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down.
The poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’
But she’s not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek, racing crawl.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans.
Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
In a separate video, the men and women respond to common misconceptions about people who sleep on the streets.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison.
The program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
In 23-year-old Jayla's case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges.
Eathan Cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning, said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man said.
His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
It comes after the father of another man arrested during the raids said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police.
Hoda Muthana, 20, left Hoover, Alabama, to wage holy war in Syria.
She spent money meant for college tuition on a flight to Turkey.
From there she fled to Syria and married an Australian jihadi.
Muthana's father told BuzzFeed: 'I believe she been brainwashed. She’s not that kind of girl. They brainwashed her'
Baltimore Police Department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007, a court heard.
A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away.
Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people.
The details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and her former student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 on Friday.
The interview will air on ABC Friday at 10pm.
Letourneau's 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998.
Brenda Finn, 30, was left with no body hair or fingernails due to alopecia.
She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression.
Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face.
Now she says having the procedure earlier would have saved her years of pain.
Says it would save the NHS money to make the treatment available to sufferers.
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake.
The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down.
England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'
She has a'mainstream' part-time job that she uses as a 'cover'
Despite liking her job, it's not Canada's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give Celine pause.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.
The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April.
Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
After months of intensive treatment, it became clear there was little more doctors could do.
She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election.
He says the recovery of the UK has been extraordinary.
The former Carphone Warehouse boss said David Cameron and George Osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home.
Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw.
JPs were told Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested at the property in Windermere Drive, Worcester.
Bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium.
The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile.
Despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement.
It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant.
Gastroenterologist Chris Wells raised the issue of finding a suitable donor.
Mr Barnes' daughter Debbie stepped in and donated his stools.
Gang of six jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of sexual offences against teenager girls.
The offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child to rape.
They happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire.
Victims were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
Blair said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers.
He said he wanted to build up his organisations, such as his Faith Foundation, so they are 'capable of changing global policy'
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement.
Police believe Samantha Fleming, 23, was lured from her home by Jones and the new mother brought Serenity with her.
Fleming's body was found stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription.
By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler.
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football.
The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia.
A coroner found Astle’s brain ‘resembled that of a boxer’
A Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan police after video emerged this week showing her running over a rival in a street fight.
The fight starts off with a few punches, and moves to the two girls brawling on a car.
That's when her rival grabs what looks to be a log and throws it at her windshield as she is backing out of her parking spot.
Smith-Walker was arrested in December for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting.
Jörg Düsterwald, 49, from Hameln, Germany, has been producing body art projects for the last 20 years.
His work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the German brush-painting champion at a national competition.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in the district of Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State.
Claiming she would rather live with her parents, she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly.
After moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and her husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it.
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam jumped through an open door of their van.
But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away.
Michael McInerney, 34, was jailed for 11 years after admitting manslaughter.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 twice and 119-110.
The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base.
Warrington also picked up the vacant WBC International title.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term.
Atletico have beaten Real twice in the league and in the Copa del Rey.
Ancelotti says he is not obsessed with Atletico's threat from set-pieces.
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September.
On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4.
Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
Jockey AP McCoy is set to retire at the end of the season.
Jonjo O'Neill says he could not be happier with the horse.
The 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire.
It was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family.
During the war she became known as The Lady with the Lamp thanks to a report in The Times.
Lyoto Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to'max'
Machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb.
The 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion.
Ashley Young scored in Sunday's 4-2 derby victory over Manchester United.
The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal.
Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs.
Royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car, along with a phone number.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, known as 'The Liquidator', was arrested on Friday.
He is charged with multiple felonies including distribution of narcotics.
Authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator.
Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal the lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor.
Francis Coquelin doubled the Gunners' lead with a 25-yard free-kick.
Alexis Sanchez's rebound hit Michael Duff in the face and at the third time asked for a penalty.
Ramsey's goal was the ninth of the season for the Welsh midfielder.
Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk.
He allegedly dimmed the lights and shut the blinds and asked her to dance.
To the strains of the Spanish singer crooning on his iPhone, he is claimed to have asked her: ‘Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?’
Dr Jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on Katie Piper, 31, who suffered horrific burns to her face and body after being covered with sulphuric acid.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive.
'I couldn't imagine that' happening, he said during the third day of his trial.
Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV.
He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
Alazzani said he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland.
But he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000.
The director and producer was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome.
Amanda has already raised nearly $25,000 since starting the campaign in March.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty to unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country.
Brux then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again.
He was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers', police chief said.
Jason Holding, James Wells and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale, were fired in March for 'department misconduct'
Alex Alvarez, 22, who apparently created
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre, and attracts a certain type of clientele.
The restaurant's owner – Mr Wing himself – is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible, and is often snapped in the photographs with the city's celebrities at his five-star venue.
Wayne Rooney, in particular, visits the restaurant with his wife, Coleen, and has even helped them with publicity work.
Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £6million loan deal from Monaco.
Mario Balotelli, Joe Hart
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest weapon.
The Filipino is the underdog for the bout, billed as 'The Biggest Fight in History'
The bout is tipped to gross more than £300m.
Lindsey Walker, 23, booked in for an overnight stay at the Rex Hotel.
She and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts.
The hotel was taken over by Malhotra PLC in January, who have plans for refurbishment.
Ms Walker said: 'I've been in and out of hospital with anxiety issues'
Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing call to 'come at me bruv'
Image thought to reference how Labour leader posed direct message to Prime Minister.
Cameron and deputy Nick Clegg superimposed on Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb, two men who appear on Channel 4 series Gogglebox.
QPR host West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday.
Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the top flight.
Sean Dyche says his side feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals.
New information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.
The ‘Hidden Valley’ in Gale Crater on Mars was deposited right at the bottom of the crater lake.
Curiosity detected salts called perchlorates, which can absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT.
But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin.
Dashcam captured seven hours of footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone.
Mr Ingram, 50, of Saltash in Cornwall, says it shows it was a pre-planned thing.
He said: 'The mechanic was abusing my car and my trust'
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body.
These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist.
Below, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year.
Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court.
Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial would take place on August 10.
The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey.
It would be another 18 years before her coronation.
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins.
Support for Ukip has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others.
Ukip leader has seen support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories.
He is now sitting in second place in the Kent constituency, 1% below his Conservative rival Craig Mackinlay and only just ahead of Labour.
The OrcaSub by Spymaster takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes.
The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows for complete privacy as you can choose whether to lounge on the sun roof above waters, or whale watch below the surface.
It also boasts a helipad, a two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests.
FKA Twigs has been one of the main trendsetters when it comes to the septum ring.
The process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years.
In certain warrior tribes, it was used in a similar way to war paint.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton in the Chinese Grand Prix.
The German driver blamed the Brit for slowing down and bunching him up.
Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August.
The victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala are now suing Johns Hopkins University.
The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion, claiming that officials from Hopkins approved the study at the time.
It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment.
In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies, while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26.
He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap music.
The 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone.
It also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the attack.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games this season.
The Montenegro international has made just 39 appearances for Manchester City.
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service (NHS)
The video features an Australian doctor, known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service.
Video comes at a time when jihadis on social media, most notably British fighter Omar Hussain, has called on European doctors to join Islamic State.
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year.
The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
Kassab regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds.
Her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl'
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania.
Mitt Romney famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the White House after it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his Irish Setter Seamus on top of his car in a carrier.
Steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby.
To commemorate his dedication to horse racing, Churchill Downs is inviting him to attend his 76th-straight race as their special guest on May 2.
Sutton won $600 dollars in 19567, when he bet on the winning horse Proud Clarion.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police.
Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London.
Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death.
The 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been leaving a nightclub.
Okafor confessed to his girlfriend before fleeing to Nigeria on his brother's passport.
Ski champ Lindsey Vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia, on Thursday as her beau Tiger made some high profile mistakes.
The 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice and Tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like Vonn's breathtaking return to alpine skiing.
Vonn appeared worried as she watched Woods flash his notorious temper on a couple of errant shots as he struggled to prove he's still No. 1 worldwide--and not No. 111.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014.
This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before.
Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago.
Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991.
Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
He is expected to apply for bail on Monday afternoon.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent.
Her responses included ‘Sanchez is buff’ and that ‘he scores a lot of goals’
She also correctly identified the Arsenal away strip although she didn't recall the score of the 2014 FA Cup final.
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend as they struggle to cover the costs of penalty rates on public holidays.
Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing.
He stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi.
Libya's second largest city was seized by Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year.
Fighting between rebels and regime forces has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King.
And she said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley.
Ander Herrera added a second after 43 minutes with his right-footed strike.
United are now eight points clear of Brendan Rodgers and Liverpool in fifth.
Eden Hazard scored in the 38th minute as Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0.
The Belgian forward is now the player you look to in a crisis.
He is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasn't been at its best.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years.
His favourite game is the seven goal thriller at Anfield in 1996.
The game saw the two Premier League hopefuls slug it out to close the gap between themselves and leaders Manchester United.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year.
The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believe to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
About 30 public land managers and councils in Sydney, across 160 localities, scattered the infected vegetable in public areas in March.
A second smaller scale program is likely to be implemented in May across 10 areas as well as the Central Coast.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal believes his side will not be as defensive as Aston Villa.
United are currently one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City.
Van Gaal believes City's attacking tendencies will work in United's favour.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
The former Bolton Wanderers forward is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment.
He is also accused of trying to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic in the first half.
Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the second.
Celtic will face the champions in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The striker has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants.
Carlo Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth.
The poster promotes the dazzling Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform, as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein is a FIFA presidential candidate.
He wants to see the World Cup rotated between different countries.
Prince Ali is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo.
Study looked at voting habits of twins born in the UK.
The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party allegiances and potential voting preferences.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent.
As twins grow up they can be influenced by different groups of friends, cultural experiences and points of view.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, received the fine in Benton County Superior Court in March after refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed in 2013.
Stutzman cited her religious beliefs when declining to service the couple's wedding.
In February, a judge ruled that her refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's matches this season.
Given was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece.
He has an FA Cup winners' medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke with Joe Hart in net.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Mouscron had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end meaning there is to be room for Chelsea.
The Belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer.
Labour leader will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’
He will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity'
Launching party's manifesto in Manchester, Mr Miliband will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
Restaurants serving domestic cats - sold as 'baby tiger' - springing up across northern Vietnam.
Owner told MailOnline demand is so high he'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up.
Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive, the bones removed and eaten.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India.
It shows the monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians.
The monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and responds by throwing himself at the teenager.
He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey quickly bounds back up again to the ledge.
Pilot declared an emergency at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport on Sunday.
But the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway.
Eyewitnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the plane.
The reason for the crash is not yet known.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp.
The 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season.
Gomez joined Fiorentina for a fee believed to be in the region of £17.2million.
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure.
It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
Patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia, Italy.
Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007.
Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open in Key Biscayne.
The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to Lesia Tsurenko.
Bouchard has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled.
Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year.
Digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
fell marginally from 2013.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the painting on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value.
The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item.
At the end of February, the artist released an online video showing three works he painted on the walls of Gaza homes destroyed in Israeli air strikes.
St George's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients.
It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments.
Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed asylum.
There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
Rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan.
While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white.
The rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year.
Mauricio Pochettino believes another season in the Europa League will hamper Tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top four.
Tottenham lost 1-0 to Aston Villa in the Premier League last weekend.
Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured hatred of Pennie Davis during six-year relationship.
He ordered drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.
Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest.
Carr accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot.
Detectives discovered cocaine addict Robertson accepted just £1,500 to commit the murder and was paid in counterfeit notes.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.
The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads.
Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years.
Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion this season.
The Robins beat Bradford 6-0 to secure their place in next season's Sky Bet Championship.
James Tavernier opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish after 16minutes.
Joe Bryan doubled Bristol City's lead in the first half with a header.
Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the Robins.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative.
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy in New York on Friday.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from shelves.
The Chinese made decorations were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'
The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years.
Gena weighed only a few pounds and was a walking skeleton, for whom certain death was only days away.
Among the recently dead was Dutch girl Anne Frank whose diaries while hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam became world renowned.
Frank was living in the Netherlands when the Nazis seized it in 1940, leaving them trapped.
Darren Goddard, 48, had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son Lewis Helget, who he thought he would never see again.
Mr Goddard 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with Lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident.
Just six years earlier, he had moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother Aggi.
Following his return to the UK from Germany, he endured a'real struggle' to move on with his life.
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London, on Friday.
Animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing the horse.
The horse was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent.
California has been in a drought for four years.
'We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action,' Brown said at a news conference held at Echo Summit in the Sierra Nevada.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'
When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people.
His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jamie Carragher believes John Terry is the best defender in Premier League history.
Carragher believes Terry has been almost as influential as Eden Hazard.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook.
Kandrick said: 'Hey, Billy, Kyle at Maaco here. I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all'
Rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the shop for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving.
The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday.
On Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police.
Police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35.
Thomas Buckett, 21, plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight.
He sustained life-changing head injuries as a result of the fall.
Staffordshire County Council said two other teenagers were cautioned for burglary and criminal damage in connection with the college break-in.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday.
Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years'
In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work.
The scope of the book is broad. We meet those who are selling, entertaining, thinking, caring.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have posted pictures from all their yogic adventures on Instagram.
The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.
In one photo, Honza lies on his back on the pavement with his legs in the air, while Claudine stands on his feet, pretending to push the tower upright.
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancée Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday.
There are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding.
The couple will not cash in on photography rights to any magazines.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries.
The symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea.
Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she took out her blue salbutamol inhaler.
She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat.
The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue.
After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from back of throat.
The House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday called former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to testify at a public hearing next month.
The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state.
It will allow the GOP to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a CIA annex nearby.
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.
His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday.
On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Scott last weekend.
Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over.
RHS is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife.
The actress is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million.
If the penthouse sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side.
The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River.
Three flights into Heathrow were diverted in just over 24 hours.
Medical emergency and two technical issues meant delays for passengers.
One flight from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to Baku.
BA denied there was a fire, telling MailOnline Travel: 'Our flight crew are highly trained'
Joe Calzaghe relaxed on the beach with his girlfriend Lucy in Barbados.
The couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down.
Calzaghe hung up his gloves after a stunning career in which he won all 46 of his professional fights.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades.
It features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart.
According to Michael Redwood, inevitable wind-ups surfaced 'whenever the devil inside' Peter O'Toole needed entertaining.
Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through.
Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz was 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved.
NBC's committee investigating allegations that Brian Williams misrepresented his experiences in war zones.
They are looking at a February 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart about the Arab Spring.
The anchor said he caught the eye of the lead mounted government soldier before violence at Cairo's Tahrir Square made the situation 'turn sour'
There is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London.
At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and garden.
The property was put on the market with Foxtons for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season.
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team.
QPR striker will be monitored by Roy Hodgson and Ray Lewington.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside.
Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area.
A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament between the different associations within the United Kingdom.
England are the most successful team in the history of the competition.
The Football Association have taken the decision to withdraw from future Victory Shield tournaments.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday.
On searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside.
The man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser.
While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle.
He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said Clegg was 'not the most popular'
He said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours'
But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn.
Anthony Joshua faces Jason Gavern in Newcastle on Saturday.
The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts.
Gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career.
Patrick Bamford scored the opening goal for Middlesbrough in the 20th minute.
The on-loan Chelsea striker has now scored 15 goals this season.
Middlesbrough remain five points adrift of safety at the top of the table.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers.
The annual Easter parade was centered on St Patrick's Cathedral on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue.
Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges.
The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years.
He has a BSc (hons) degree and three A-levels on his CV.
But despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job.
Says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
PJ Spraggins, from Birmingham, Alabama, lost 145lbs in one year to donate kidney.
His blood pressure was too high to perform the operation the next day.
Couple, who married in 2003, are now back home and recovering.
Strapless dresses are a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses.
But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?
Leicester City host Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Foxes are just three points from safety in the table.
Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent.
The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.
His mother Jane Allen said: 'No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son'
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the bout sold out within minutes on Thursday night.
Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices.
Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
39% of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to 33% for Labour.
Comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes.
It comes after series of polls suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of Tories.
Pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day.
Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission.
She is currently being held on a $100,000 bond.
Self-styled ‘angry Leftie revolutionary and magician’ Gareth Shoulder recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election as a member of its ‘Generation 2015 Election youth panel’
Shoulder, 24, used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ Twitter page to make the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
In Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom, Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon saying that she's happy to have grown up to be just like her.
Kelly's former co-star on E!'s Fashion Police, Joan Rivers, was also paid tribute to by her daughter Melissa Rivers.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were killed in a car crash just days before their wedding last May.
Redman survived, but his body was shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Against overwhelming odds Redman recovered, and on March 24 he helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Unfortunately, Huber was not there to celebrate with Redman.
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday night.
But fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
The incident comes after Sutton awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty after Graham was placed on report for the incident that saw Reynolds struggle off the ground on crutches and a knee brace.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
The 23-year-old has been out for five months through injury.
Ray Parlour has backed the England international to be the club's future.
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later.
Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8.
The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday.
Xabi Alonso has won Europe's top club prize with three clubs.
The 33-year-old scored the equaliser in his first season at Liverpool.
Clarence Seedorf won the title four times in his illustrious career.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers.
They then stun him again, and again, as lies face-down on ground.
As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch.
One clearly draws back leg and swings it at Pusk's head, before beating him.
After beating, a deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over'
Now, San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave.
Tim Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino insists Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane.
Pochettino says Sherwood helped develop young talent at Villa Park.
Aston Villa travel to London on the back of a 3-3 draw with QPR.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday.
Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program.
More than a dozen Australians are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal.
Ballantyne Forder, 20, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones.
Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest.
Liams' brother Darcy Oliver has posted on Twitter, saying he is searching for more information about his sibling.
Justin Pomella, from Melbourne, was last contacted on Friday when he was at Swayambhunath Temple in Kathmandu.
His cousin Lauren Car
Ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how Cameron has reversed greying process.
Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron's hand and 'complimented him on his appearance'
Mr Cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side.
Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps.
Mr Kelly said he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company.
Second black box recorder today confirmed Lubitz intended to crash the plane.
Two-bedroom property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes.
They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died.
But Freda died last December, aged 99, and younger family members have moved away.
Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is now selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday.
The Disney worker told authorities he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at Disney.
He was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
Kai Windsor, now 10, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, started life as a girl.
Christened Kaia, he would shun traditional girls' toys in favour of kicking a ball around.
At four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short.
By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: 'I'm really a boy'
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK.
He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money.
Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday.
He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.
Van Winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement.
The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans.
The 30-year-old royal was filmed howling with excitement as the Spitfire performed a loop over the English Cennel.
He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force tomorrow.
Allie Davis, 21, delivered her boyfriend the ten-question document yesterday.
She informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints.
Gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again.
Game's designers continue: 'Anorexia is a serious disease and fatal if not cured in time'
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave the club.
Wright believes the winger's troubled times are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season.
Arsenal are pursuing Raheem Sterling and Walcott's contract is set to expire next summer.
Alex Impey, a father-of-two, is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illnesses.
He receives 20 requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney.
The medicinal marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill.
Users say it is as simple as placing into food or bottles for babies.
Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron.
But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle in their final game of the season on May 3.
The Ibrox club have been moved back 24 hours to accommodate broadcasters.
Hibernian and Falkirk have lodged formal complaints with the league.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has backed Hibs' stance.
Labour leader refused to guarantee Harriet Harman would become Deputy PM.
Just hours before party launched its women's manifesto, he declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10.
Comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had posted 'effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'
The restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves'
Peter Costello has fired a damaging salvo at the Abbott government.
The former treasurer described its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'
The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12.
Experiment tracked stolen data from California as it travelled the globe.
It found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks.
Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini had been in Jose Mourinho's thoughts all week.
But Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing by the doorman at the club's hotel.
Mourinho planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Belgian midfielder.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Russian freezer trawler, called Dalny Vostock, sank while carrying 132 crew.
It tipped over when a fishing net weighing 80 tons was pulled in at 4am local time.
At least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation.
So far 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering hypothermia.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms, including the words 'guilty', 'play', and 'famous'
The Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Catalans have already faced the French giants twice this season.
Adriano has warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome PSG's star-studded squad.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.
But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks.
Mr Miliband’s enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last September.
Joe Root was in superb touch on his way to 182 not out in the morning session.
Root's efforts left the West Indies with a 165-run deficit.
But they cleared that to finish 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning.
He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night.
Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Michelle, 27, is designing yet another range for Lipsy.
Says she's always been a fan of the range and has been using it for years.
Shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the campaign.
Day began in London with dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch.
Later the Queen led nation during ceremony at Cenotaph in Whitehall.
Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday in August 1990.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance.
The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time which were incredibly popular when the Queen and her sister were growing up.
The Wave in the U.S. and Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are some of the most unbelievable sights in the world.
Experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers.
When the posted initial price is of a round number, like $1,000, the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid.
Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Giuliana Rancic recently revealed that Jerry O'Connell 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago.
Photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before Giuliana became a woman scorned.
Perth Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict.
The A-League club were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years.
FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess.
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast for Surrey.
Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the Indian Premier League season concludes at the end of next month.
He will be overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara depending on the veteran Sri Lanka batsman's Test commitments.
Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund.
The midfielder hadn't played for the German club since March 2014.
Thiago said the reaction of the fans reminded him of the joy in the sport.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs.
'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said.
Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005.
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks.
Officials had said Friday three people were killed, but that number was later changed to two.
An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third.
Manchester United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
Devendra Bishoo will play in the second Test against England.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner will play.
Bishoo comes into the game in place of the dropped Sulieman Benn.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan.
The pair were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015.
McIlroy defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown.
Ibrahim Jalloh and Bengali Sherrif were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice.
Sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison.
Jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence.
Robert Ellis' body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound.
The 60-year-old businessman was found in a rice paddock near Sedang Village.
His Indonesian wife Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids, has been charged with his murder.
Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder, which her two sons, Peter and John, said they are reconciled to.
Robert Durst, 71, was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend, writer Susan Berman, in Los Angeles.
He has sent a bizarre letter to a reporter who has been covering his case.
The letter states that Durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about his life in southern California.
Durst's lead attorney said that the letter looked like his client's handwriting.
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research.
Outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10.
Research says amount spent by Government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘still way too low’
AP McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It.
McCoy has lost the equivalent weight of two African elephants.
He has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his 25-year amateur career.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib.
A'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex coroner said.
Coroner Penelope Schofield issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot endorsed by the charity National Children’s Trust.
She said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in Minnesota just days after arriving.
She had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase.
It was claimed she had believed the film Fargo was real.
But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English.
Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter - newly released by American filmmakers, and brothers David and Nathan Zellner.
Graffiti artists painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight.
They wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents who live stressful lives.
The eight-strong team painted the booths in the Chinese capital city.
Their work may soon be removed after a Beijing Municipal Committee said the phone booths should not have been painted a different colour.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Richard Dunne is close to a return but Rio Ferdinand is also out.
Yun Suk-young is still out for QPR with a concussion.
Cesc Fabregas will start alongside Nemanja Matic in midfield.
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in Irish bar near Las Ramblas on Saturday night.
Father-of-four was dropped'miles away' from his hotel when he tried to get back.
He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at British Consulate.
Family and friends became concerned after he failed to turn up for flight home.
They contacted Foreign Office amid fears he would miss first birthday of twins.
But today Mr Carn handed himself into the Consulate after walking for 20 hours.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to stay within a point of the automatic promotion places with two games to play.
Jermaine Beckford and Joe Garner scored a brace for Preston to help their side defeat Notts County 3-1.
Rochdale kept their faint play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton Orient.
Grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election, it has been suggested.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year.
Increase put down to introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban.
Animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'
The dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was built in 1895.
It housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.
Since its closure in 1996, the prison's halls have fallen eerily silent.
Photographer Cindy Vasko captured the eerie silence and gradual decay of the once-overcrowded prison.
Prisoners in the jail were paid to test a variety of dangerous substances such as radioactive, hallucinogenic and toxic materials.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat.
United are now 11 points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'
But he added: 'So we will pursue an independent perspective, the next Labour government, but we could get rid of it but I fear that we can't'
Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident.
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship.
Cavani has been linked with a summer exit from Paris Saint-Germain.
Homeless Period campaign aims to highlight the plight of women living on the streets.
Campaigners wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them.
The project was started by Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty.
Nearly 81,000 people have signed a petition to lobby for better funding.
Russian military unveils new fashion line at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Moscow.
Design bureau of Defence Ministry showcased balaclavas, shiny'military boots', sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans 'Army', 'Polite', and 'Politeness conquests the cities'
SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens.
'I don’t think the country can afford more austerity,' she said.
Comments come after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Miliband.
'Boomerang generation' are living at home even in their twenties and thirties.
Experts claim grown-up children are unaware they are pushing parents into debt.
Three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away.
Many are buying used cars unaware that old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands.
Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam'
Shannon Dooley, 30, has founded 'Retrosweat' - an Eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of Jane Fonda's iconic workouts.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying.
Her doting dad decided to try out his terrifying impersonation.
The wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique.
Obama and Castro are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama.
The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s.
Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run a marathon in each of Australia's eight states and territories between January and September 2015.
The University of Sydney student is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia.
Malachy Frawley died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old.
Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak.
P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing.
A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
The Muslim couple told Ms Eden they were'very grateful' for her stand.
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia.
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on
Manchester United have signed a £750million deal with adidas.
The German brand follow Nike who had been supplying United for 13 years.
Adidas designed the club's kits from 1980-92.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Mr Farage today insisted he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on the audience for being too left wing.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage.
The company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX' launch of Falcon 9.
Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner.
The 26-year-old went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
On Monday, Ms Scott's father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator Christine Milne about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable.
Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia'
Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that'
Mr Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the United States virtually tax free.
Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes.
Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service.
Skincare brand Jennifer Young offers customised moisturisers.
A huntsman spider crawled out from under the door handle of a Victorian car.
The terrifying video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for 'conspiracy related to the drug offenses'
Kevin Sinfield is to join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season.
Sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list.
Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes but believes it could be an inspired decision.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became Britain's youngest sex swap patient.
At 16, she became youngest person in Britain to be accepted for treatment.
But part way through treatment, stress of transition became too much.
She called a halt to it and is now working as an escort to pay for surgery.
Says: 'It's the only way I have of earning enough money to become a woman'
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico.
The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Victor Ramirez.
She began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation.
Dr Ramirez lost another patient the year before her death on his operating table.
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
Police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road.
Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air.
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice.
He went in for his 4am shift the next day and told his boss he was quitting.
His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam at the Masters.
The Northern Irishman heads to Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career.
Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident.
He has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time.
West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
Barclays chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as Barclays’ share price has plunged since the financial crisis.
FBI have released images of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe.
John Doe 29 is believed to have 'critical information' to help them identify the victim and her whereabouts to rescue her.
One picture does not show any abuse taking place, but in one he is seen posing with the girl.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last.
Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off.
The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it.
But the industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
Hampshire police launched the hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August.
The couple were found in Spain but released without charge.
A Freedom of Information request revealed staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, has the worst record for prison escapes.
One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57.
His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out.
Murderer Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large after failing to return from day release in June 2013.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot.
MoS analysis suggests Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.
Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
Tiny robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight.
Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page.
The England flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season.
Haskell has surpassed the 100 appearances mark for the club.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said abuse started when windows to Tower View Hotel were shattered.
Man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack in Blackpool, Lancashire.
She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since appearing on Channel 4 show.
Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire.
Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames.
Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City.
Orlando have a big Latin-American fanbase and Kaka is the captain.
Hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Stoke, West Ham and Everton are all interested.
Deputy Labour leader refuses to rule out above-inflation increases.
Asked if party would raise levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT'
George Osborne said remarks showed Labour would bring back ‘fuel duty escalator’
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007.
She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
Her sister Dannii, 20, also had a tumour, although hers is benign.
Stacey has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago.
Dannii is awaiting a scan to see if it has grown and what the best course of treatment will be.
Graeme Dott is through to the second round of the Betfred World Championship.
The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line.
Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield on Sunday.
Janet Brown was murdered at her family home in Radnage, Buckinghamshire.
The 51-year-old nurse was found naked with her arms cuffed behind her back.
Her body was found at the bottom of the stairs by builders on April 10, 1995.
Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery.
If it’s real wild life you’re after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding.
You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain.
The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds.
Terrorist group's latest barbaric video shows men being beheaded.
They are accused of exploding a car bomb in Syrian city of al-Mayadin.
One by one, the men are marched to a wooden stump and killed.
Executions are carried out in front of a large crowd of men and young boys.
A masked Jihadi says they are Alawites, a derogatory term used by Islamist fundamentalists to describe President Assad's soldiers.
Chris Lane, 22, was jogging along a street in Duncan, Oklahoma, in August 2013.
He was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
His parents, Donna and Peter Lane, listened to 911 emergency call.
Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Daniel Ricciardo has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics.
The Australian driver finished third quickest in practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Ricciardo finished second behind reigning champion Lewis Hamilton in his Mercedes.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.
The mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
She hit her target weight in December 2014, shrinking from 14st to 10st 5lb.
Her colleagues thought Robbie had traded her in for a younger, slimmer model.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head.
Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request.
Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers is considering recalling Dejan Lovren.
Lovren has been out of the team recently, but could return.
Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Britt McHenry, a Washington D.C.-based sports reporter for ESPN, has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant surfaced online.
The 28-year-old had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office.
'I’m in the news, sweetheart, I will f-----g sue this place,' McHenry can be heard saying in the video.
Binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand.
Says faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving Chelsea street style.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago.
They repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.
Mansi, from Feltham, London, did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007.
But Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
However, Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby.
After IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after 20-minute labour.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting.
The 26-year-old now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon.
Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landscapes.
Without the Eiffel Tower in Paris, the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark, which is not surprising considering it has 336 lamps illuminating it at night.
The iconic Arc De Triomphe was constructed in 1806, and is the centrepiece of Place Charles de Gaulle at the end of the Champs-Élysées.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.
He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64.
His family has not revealed the cause of his death.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it.
This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games.
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on the Manchester United striker.
The midnight deadline passed without Madrid making a formal offer to buy the 26-year-old outright.
Barcelona eased to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Luis Suarez scored a double to put the La Liga leaders in control.
Yohan Cabaye struggled and looked out of his depth at times.
Bluey the cat has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow.
The 12-year-old cat has reached 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder.
She is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
Carol Chandler, 53, accused of indecently assaulting boy under 16 in 1980s.
Accused of assaulting boy at St Paul's School in Barnes, south west London.
Five people have been charged by officers from Operation Winthorpe.
Kerrie Armitage, 28, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.
She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm.
Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order.
Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday.
Leanne Bourne, from Romford, Essex, began to suspect her sister's partner was having an affair.
But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe.
Three years on, Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's win over Burnley.
The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will be out for several months.
Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign.
She gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
Couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire.
Pierre Collins, 33, has been arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10.
The boy's body was found in the Mississippi River on Saturday by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center.
Police said on Sunday the boy's father, Pierre Collins, is a primary suspect in the case.
Collins has said he is innocent.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl was 'a fun thing'
Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on Liu Siying.
The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism, which condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Siying has since defended Hamilton, remarking: 'I did not think too much about it at all'
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring.
The 37-year-old has helped Juventus win three successive Serie A titles.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing.
Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
The mummies ranged in age from several days old to the elderly, but over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya.
The 15-year-old had dumped her for a classmate after he ended their relationship.
But police set up a sting operation, sending undercover officer to pose as hitman.
He filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her ex-lover in Shatura, Russia.
After handing over expense money, she was arrested by armed police in her car.
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash.
The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday.
Her girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster.
Police are searching for the driver of a recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
James Boase was convicted of drink driving at Torquay Magistrates' Court.
The landlord claimed that he went to bed at 12.30am and woke up beside his car.
But prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his Nissan Navara.
They said he had been involved in a collision with a Citroen Berlingo.
Boase has been remanded on unconditional bail until May 12 for a pre-sentence report.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014.
The eight-year-old had already run half marathons and raised money for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Lota underwent his fourth round of brain surgery on April 1.
He completed 33 miles - longer than a full marathon - before his sore feet forced him to stop.
Gibbons are better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit in south east Asia.
They produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear.
But scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours.
The researchers spent almost four months following gibbons in Khao Yai National Park, north east Thailand recording their calls and behaviour.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal in the Premier League.
Oscar hopes that winning the title can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues.
The Brazil international has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40-60m.
Palace boss says all his players are 'undervalued'
Bolasie has scored a hat-trick in Palace's 4-1 win at Sunderland.
Young Star Wars fan was approached by his favourite character R2D2.
The robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling.
He is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch the pair.
Chris Lee, who claimed he was in charge of the robot, said: 'He was having so much fun and laughing continuously'
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National.
McCoy has three rides at Ayr today - Sea Lord, Upsilon Bleu and Lettheriverrundry.
The 20-time champion will retire next week.
Man, 29, had been playing the game for six to eight weeks.
He had just left the military and was in between jobs when he tore the tendon.
Doctors said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain.
This might be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing.
Joe Root scored 118 not out on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
Root's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a 74-run lead.
Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59)
Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City.
He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver.
The driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller - was let off the hook by fellow cops.
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night.
Liverpool’s manager had already gone cold on the Italian, concluding some time ago that he has no future at Anfield.
Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker.
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting.
Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear.
Aston Villa host QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood's side were beaten 3-0 by Manchester United at Old Trafford.
The Villa boss has vowed to give pal Chris Ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of the game.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside.
The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC.
They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used.
Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton.
Braylon Robinson was playing at house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Another three-year-old boy found unattended gun and pulled the trigger.
Little boy was rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Now, investigators are trying to determine where gun came from - and identity of person responsible.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February.
There have been suggestions he could be offloaded by Jose Mourinho.
But Oscar insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will stay.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday.
Stoll, who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond.
The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, died in a head-on crash on Saturday.
Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred.
A relative posted the heartbreaking photo of William with has arm around Piper looking out at the water.
More than $32,000 has been raised online to help the devastated family.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves.
The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland.
Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013.
Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana.
In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
But when the case appeared
A fed-up resident of Cammeray stuck a note to the windscreen of a car.
The note read: 'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics'
The North Shore suburb was split on the parking issue, with other locals 'horrified' by the letter.
Demand for coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent.
Celebrities such as Kate Middleton have driven the craze.
A-list stars Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday.
Dick Advocaat will not underestimate the significance of the fixture.
The 67-year-old was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry.
David Cameron backs royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth.
Cameron said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options.
But he also praised the NHS, saying it was a'matter of choice'
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years.
She wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Social media lit up as both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions.
Everton players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday.
Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session.
Dino Maglio has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl.
Prosecutors said he spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill.
Maglio claimed sex was consensual but admitted he was'stupid' to spike her drink.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games.
Coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack.
The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league.
Men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues.
They didn't pick up a single mention of football, while women were discussed only occasionally.
Three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction.
The 216 prisoners, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
The freed Yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed.
Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies.
Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics.
Twitter users quickly began to poke fun at the group after doubts over the page emerged.
Lucy Scott created Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year.
The book chronicles the emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life.
Scott created the book after looking back at her own experience of the entire first year of being a parent.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season as Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1.
Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen scored for the visitors at St James' Park.
Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve further.
Sian Harkin, 54, signed six cheques totalling £30,000 to builder Lee Slocombe.
Claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth.
But the proposed work never materialised and Harkin used school chequebook.
She also forged deputy head's name in order to cash one in person.
Harkin was jailed for 43 months earlier this year for fraud.
Cloud formation resembling Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province last week.
Chinese internet users have shared and commented on Shi's photo thousands of times on Chinese social media.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side from deploying in a crash.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S.
BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free.
Incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India.
To try and protect his fellow villagers, the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The German coach will be leaving the club in the summer.
Klopp has been linked with a number of clubs around Europe.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Paul Harris, 47, was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Miss Lawrence, who was 35 when she disappeared, was last seen on March 18, 2009.
She was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York.
Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, the dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland.
Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died.
The ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while.
Odion Ighalo scored Watford's equaliser to secure a point at the iPro Stadium.
Marco Motta was sent off just before half-time after bringing down Johnny Russell.
Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a strike into the bottom corner.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, faced growing calls to stand down.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims.
She ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences.
But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before.
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body.
His hearing-impaired sister, Alyssa, 9, saved his life after she saw three rottweilers biting the child in the brush by a dirt road.
The injured child, who turned 11 Tuesday, was later released home with 40 staples on his head.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years.
He began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy.
Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month.
His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors.
Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him last season.
The Chelsea manager was visibly surprised by the question.
Mourinho praised the 'top question' before giving an equally ambiguous answer.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband.
A separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches.
Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse, all from Utah, have both transitioned gender.
Church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized.
However, they have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.
Joni Mitchell has suffered from Morgellons disease throughout her life, and has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition.
Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow.
Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday.
McCoy will not be heading to Las Vegas to watch Mayweather and Pacquiao.
He has challenged Channel 4 presenter Emma Spencer to a match with a tasty side bet riding on the outcome.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby on Tuesday.
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the visitors.
Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory.
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud has died aged 84.
Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'
Former Australia Test captain Michael Clarke believes Benaud was one of the most popular figures in the game.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti's side with a first-half strike.
Karim Benzema added a second as Real kept the pressure on Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Comics at the BBC must go through lengthy process to get jokes on air.
Some jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved, says Chris Sussman.
Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal involving Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross.
Real Madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015.
Carlo Ancelotti has already lost to Atletico four times in a season.
The European champions' humiliating 4-0 defeat at the ferocious Calderon stadium last time these two met meant Atletico had won all three home 'derbis' by a 7-0 aggregate this term.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League last season.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique all made the semi-finals.
Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes' failing side.
But Hernandez and Ronaldo combined for Real Madrid's winner against Atletico Madrid.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly.
Lindsay Lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap, Freaky Friday and Mean Girls.
Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia to reach the Fed Cup final.
The Czech Republic are the current reigning champions.
They will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man.
Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed wife Mandy, 47, eight times in a jealous rage.
She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back.
Friend Alfred Harris, a friend of the couple for more than six years, told how he had confided in him that he believed she was having an affair.
Tulip Siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh.
She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Ms Siddiq's mother Rehana.
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday.
Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am.
'During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money,' said police.
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of Channel 4 interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron.
He had been on good form when the exchange started - in which, as arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster.
But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union.
He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda in the 1970s.
It came after he managed to smuggle 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday.
Burger King will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns.
The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin near Springfield.
The footprints were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, 1.5 million years ago.
They were left by a barefooted early human that walked much like we do.
The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake.
Over a four year excavation period a total of 483 prints have now been uncovered - 99 of which were human.
This suggests Homo erectus may have hunted large prey in groups or hunting parties.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway.
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans.
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time, but the case remains under investigation.
Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney.
It has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe.
A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared unrest if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals Hearts.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson feels that it is disrespectful not to acknowledge his team's achievements.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days.
Around 35 crew members were safely rescued after being held in life rafts.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states.
For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin.
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland.
The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over Newcastle.
That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three.
Advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow Sunderland's survival attempts.
Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise Muslims, according to an officer from the Wales Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit.
Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in the community but 'have an ulterior motive'
Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her beachside home.
She wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused.
It cites concerns it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
The actress bought the eight bedroom house in West Sussex in 2013.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US.
The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for 12 days.
However, their existing deal with Nike runs until the end of July.
Sportsmail understands there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early.
Jim Ratcliffe wants to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion.
The 62-year-old businessman is based in Switzerland and claims that the new house will be his only UK residence.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach their eighth Coppa Italia final.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a 2-1 aggregate win.
The Biancoceleste face Empoli in the final on June 7 in Rome.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
The budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion.
It has taken sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
A sickening propaganda image has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning: 'This child will be risk to you not just to us'
Terror experts have revealed the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer.
The men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, first practiced in 960 AD.
They release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke is under investigation by the NRL.
Luke posted an offensive comment on Instagram in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans.
The 27-year-old was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock during the round five NRL match between the Canterbury Bulldogs and the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Patrick Barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune.
Beginning in 1965, the Trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast.
Analysts at CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch videos.
They watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues.
CIA physician said: 'They're being exposed to material that we're not exposed to broadly in America'
The Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being falsely accused.
He said his children were tortured by their mother and her partner.
They were forced to lie about sexual abuse and ritual torture.
Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled.
Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory.
He equalled the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997.
Spieth was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at Augusta.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe.
Awford said his goodbyes to the Portsmouth players after he was informed of the news.
Assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday.
She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media.
People urged her to sell the gun and buy another TV while others prayed for her.
Temperatures are expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.
This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F)
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
LeBron James scored 23 points in the Cavaliers' 114-88 win over the Heat.
Kyrie Irving and Dwyane Wade scored 23 and 17 respectively.
James passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list.
Golden State's Harrison Barnes scored the game winning shot.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 108-101 to move half a game ahead.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London.
He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor.
In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young has a two-shot lead at the halfway point.
The 22-year-old shot a seven-under-par 65 at Mission Hills Country Club.
Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par came to an end.
Drinking excessive amounts of alcohol as a teenager can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA.
This, in turn, can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour.
However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester City in the Premier League would be like winning a trophy.
The Argentinian midfielder has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career.
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie on Tuesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts this season.
Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form against Atletico.
Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea.
David Beckham struck from inside the own half for Manchester United in 1996.
Xabi Alonso scored from inside half for Liverpool against Newcastle in 2006.
SNP leader's dress divided opinion on Twitter during last night's debate.
Viewers took to Twitter to insist the dress was grey, not blue.
Tony Pulis insists he has been told any takeover will not drag on.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the club.
Peace is set a June deadline to seal any deal.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of May.
Yorkshire cancelled the contract of Younis Khan, who was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015.
Pujara will instead link up with the Division One champions.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer.
The 25-year-old striker is free to talk to foreign clubs.
Swansea have also expressed an interest in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent the last year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam.
The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City's party scene.
Though the fashion industry seems very accepting of gay people, the couple explains that models are still expected to appear masculine or androgynous.
Craig Davies bagged a brace as Bolton beat Cardiff 3-0.
Eidur Gudjohnsen and Craig Davies also scored for the Bluebirds.
Bolton now have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand.
Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.
He is working with an organisation called Because International which aims to send the shoes to orphanages in Africa.
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex.
He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair.
Couple agreed to stay together but he stabbed her eight times with a kitchen knife.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas on Thursday.
Friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound.
School district officials have not yet responded to requests from DailyMail.com over whether they were aware of the bullying claims.
College juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20 and Caitlyn Baggett, 21, of Alpharetta, died in the crash.
The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck.
Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on Georgia Southern University's campus Thursday night.
New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as Pelicans clinched playoff spot.
Brooklyn Nets beat Orlando Magic 101-88 and beat Memphis Grizzlies.
Golden State Warriors beat Denver Nuggets 133-126 in play-offs.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the cash boost would be paid for.
Mr Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’
But he declined to go into further detail.
Holly Beard, 24, and her fiance Steve Hancock, 27, tipped the scales at over 41st.
Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
After vowing to lose weight for her wedding day this May, she joined Weight Watchers in June last year and has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months.
Maison Souquet is located in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district of Paris.
Located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre, the five-star hotel is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess.
Of the 20-room hotel's 20 rooms, 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the children were found.
They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.
A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night.
He said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when he was asked about LGBT issues - and replied 'yes' when asked if he was a Republican.
Sawyer had mentioned President's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent State of The Union address.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday.
Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
Tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes.
Industry insiders have said the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord after nine years at Liverpool and Fenerbahce.
Kuyt signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club but said his stay will likely be longer.
The 34-year-old retired from international football in October after finishing third with the Netherlands at last year's World Cup.
Rajpal Singh, 34, went to a hospital in India complaining of a stomach ache.
Doctors suspected it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning.
But they were amazed to find the man had actually swallowed hundreds of coins.
Over a three year period, he had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries.
He also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014.
He said he was living and working in Tokyo and wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'
Mr Springall said he had 'no idea' what the item could be.
Police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect.
The couple are believed to have abandoned the house several weeks or months ago, leaving the teen with the two younger children in a brown stucco two-story tract home with a tile roof.
A police SWAT team broke into the couple's house Thursday and discovered the body of the 3, and she is being held as a juvenile on child abuse and neglect allegations.
David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign.
He was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'
Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Labour leader Ed Miliband launched his party manifesto in Manchester.
Mr Cameron has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
He's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month.
The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo.
The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona.
Fortune claims Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar's body language during the La Liga encounter.
University of South Florida and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida.
Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center.
Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
Boy, 12, was walking in subway underneath road in Newbury, Berkshire.
Two boys approached him and sprayed him with highly flammable WD40.
They then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight.
Victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment.
Police are now hunting the pair following their threats on Easter Monday.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool's official fan club in Pakistan.
The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies.
Ali was recently at Anfield for the LFC All-Stars match.
Alastair Cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears.
The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers.
Tillman opted to link-up with Ron Rivera after another injury-hit season.
Hull travel to Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games.
The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins for QPR and Leicester.
Steve Bruce admits his side need some 'crazy results' if they are to avoid relegation.
John Terry has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt.
Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well.
Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
It is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form.
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances.
Duggan has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager.
It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk.
The video was taken from a patrol car dashcam in Cottonwood, Arizona.
It captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops just moments before a deadly gunfight.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
The Gavers were part of a band called Matthew 24 Now, which sometimes played outside a grocery store in Boise, Idaho.
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
Angela* (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
Mr Connolly was on university holidays at the time he had been working full time in his job at a fruit and vegetable wholesaler and he had saved $2800, just enough to cover the cost of moving into a new house and buying items for the baby.
The champion sprinter says he
Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover.
They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody.
Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman.
Linda, now 64, took to Instagram to express her support for her former husband.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
Ronaldo's 31st career hat-trick equalled Lionel Messi's record in La Liga.
Portuguese superstar has now scored 11 times in just eight matches.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in manifesto.
It includes several photographs of the party's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid.
Mr Farage said premise was wrong, with picture of immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
Hillary Clinton will be 69 when she takes office in January 2017.
If successful, she will be the country's first female president and second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House.
Clinton's newfound Grandmother status has seen her relate to a whole new section of the voting public.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
Mario Mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow.
The Croatian also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss Saturday's 2-1 win at Deportivo La Coruna in La Liga.
Parking charges topped the list of most-hated charges in a poll by Direct Line.
They topped ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges.
A total of 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, followed pensioners home from the Post Office after collecting their pensions.
If the victim had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it, or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them.
In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local Post Office.
Most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year
The woman, 84, was helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her.
She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones.
One onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood'
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain on Tuesday.
The world No 1 has won the Masters on courses which have been subjected to heavy rain at some point during the week.
McIlroy's huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles.
Leeds beat Castleford 26-12 in the Super League on Good Friday.
Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career.
Joel Moon scored his first try of the season for the Rhinos.
Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates, US and British authorities said on Thursday.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
Nicola Sturgeon has asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo.
The document shows that Sturgeon told the French ambassador she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10.
She also suggested that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material.
Ms Sturgeon has denied the claims and called on Mr Miliband to commit to working with the SNP to 'lock out' Mr Cameron.
Raul Hector Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care.
He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.
During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Castro is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro.
US President Barack Obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with Iran.
He said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the United States.
Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers.
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards.
She met Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989.
But by personal choice, Robin's acting career dwindled rapidly.
Last night the Golden Globes kicked off the seemingly never ending round of red carpet events.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on Thursday.
He fled his southern California home on horseback after deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.
Pusok claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
He was released from jail on Sunday and has been treated for his injuries.
10 officers involved in the incident have been placed on paid administrative leave while the FBI investigates.
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Eden Hazard is the red hot favourite to win the award.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane deserves to win.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season.
Bournemouth held to a 2-2 draw by Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court.
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage the draw.
Eddie Howe said he felt 'heartbroken' by the result.
The idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Liam Ridgewell's Portland Timbers beat FC Dallas 3-1 earlier this month.
The 30-year-old defender has been in the States for the new MLS season.
Ridgewell is currently in the United States with the Timbers Under-9s.
Click here for more MLS news.
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
They were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans.
Among them was self-confessed royal'superfan' John Loughery, 60.
He camped out overnight ahead of 2011 Royal Wedding and attended every day of inquest into death of Princess Diana in 2008.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday.
She recommended Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation.
On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, according to a new study.
Hydrogen sulphide is a by-product of micro-organisms that live without oxygen and is extremely toxic to most other lifeforms.
The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne.
They packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover.
However they struggled to fit the large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it.
The men are wanted for a series of break-ins in the area.
Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had secretly videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams.
The attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent.
In his order the judge praised the attorneys for achieving 'extraordinary results,' and called the settlement 'unprecedented'
Ed Miliband admitted he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride.
It centres on the 1984 miners' strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians.
The evil dictator who they’re fighting is Margaret Thatcher.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.
The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle.
She had gone to wash her clothes in the Vishwamitri River, west India.
But a mugger crocodile grabbed Kanta's leg and dragged her into the river.
Vankar said she was using all her force to pull her back, but the crocodile was so powerful she could not move her an inch.
The crocodile then grabbed her right leg, dragging her into murky water.
Villagers rushed to help and drove Kanta to hospital, where doctors treated her.
Victor Moses has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment.
The winger has been on loan at Stoke since the 1-1 draw at West Ham.
Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for the Nigeria international.
The Ultimate Collection beat Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith.
It is the first time the 73-year-old has topped the album chart since 1990.
Simon rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel in 1970s.
Bruce Cook put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'
He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
But the 59-year-old farmer has refused to do so and further 'told the copper to p*ss off'
Mr Cook says he will add fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family in the neighborhood.
The city of St. Louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make sure the NGA does not leave the city, and take the 3,000 jobs it provides.
Taylor also pointed out that many of the other people who could lose their residences are elderly, adding; 'Our homes are not for sale'
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection.
Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
They even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad this summer.
Darren Gough believes Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call.
Gough is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Director of television wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie.
But creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop.
Despite pressure from Sony and BBC WorldWide.
Douglas Murphy was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag.
The 47-year-old barely registered it at the time, but the scrape almost cost him his right leg.
A cut so small it was hardly visible became infected, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug.
Doctors were preparing to amputate Mr Murphy's right leg, but as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics started to work.
As a result his leg was saved and he is keen to raise awareness of his ordeal
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition.
He makes a joking reference to Jenner's transition while speaking with Amy Pascal.
This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha.
Salford secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield.
Josh Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half.
Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Sebastian Vettel won his first race with Ferrari in Malaysia 11 days ago.
Vettel returned to the team's factory at Maranello last week to celebrate.
The four-time world champion said it was a'very emotional day'
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike.
She has now joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney's Opera House has gone viral for the second time.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa.
It was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources.
Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon.
Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is the top song that people fall asleep to.
The 24-year-old singer-songwriter scooped the global list's top spot for sleep-inducing song.
Singer Sam Smith, 22, features four times on the list, including Stay With Me and I'm Not the Only One.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
The Daily Share found that the differences between these razors of the same brand differed by more than a dollar between the men's and women's versions.
This practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.
He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.
Ms Lee's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
Police said the assault took place at about 5.30pm on Saturday night after a dispute.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G.
But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
At the same time, evidence suggests 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
Two chimpanzees living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus.
The decision by New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans.
A representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition that chimps Hercules and Leo are 'unlawfully detained'
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month extension to his contract.
The goalkeeper joined from Dundee in July 2004.
Speroni will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season.
Vince Cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the Conservatives again.
Cable once was a Labour politician, albeit a councillor, in the 1970s.
Some Labour MPs fantasise that if only boyish Ed Miliband could have persuaded Uncle Vince to defect, Labour would walk the General Election.
Cody Neatis has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
The eight-year-old has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.
His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week.
She fears her son will injure himself or pull out his oxygen.
Hospital trust insists it has ordered a suitable bed from America.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters.
Casey was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday.
The 37-year-old finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004.
Liverpool face Manchester City at Anfield on Monday night.
Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.
Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways in the Premier League.
The 32-year-old Cairns man was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter.
He has pleaded for the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him.
The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
She is now struggling to breath on her own and is having seizures following her withdrawal from the cannabis oil.
Three men accused of being Assad agents have been executed, say ISIS.
The barbaric footage was released earlier today in Deir ez-Zor, Syria.
It comes just one day after the extremist group shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Iceland has been used in filming since 1920, prompting the development of 17 production services companies nationwide.
The country's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen.
But certain filming locations consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as Game of Thrones, Interstellar or Prometheus.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault.
A 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man.
Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered.
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago.
The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight'
He is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from NBC Nightly News.
He was suspended in February after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One.
Steve Cotterill's side drew 1-1 at second-placed Preston on Tuesday.
City have already won silverware this season thanks to a Johnstone's Paint Trophy win last month.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.
Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.
They also share virtually identical DNA, meaning they are more closely related to each other than to anyone else.
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000.
Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.
After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning.
In 1996, Kathy Bush was accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter Jennifer ill for attention.
Kathy's lawyer blamed the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of her client's arrest.
After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison.
Despite the odds, the two were able to repair their relationship and they now live close to each other in Georgia.
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway.
The former first lady, senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event, but her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility.
Clinton's team took flak last week in Iowa after a Democratic Party operative conceded that Clinton's state political director Troy Price pre-vetted and drove three activists to a coffee shop.
Two planes land at the same time at San Francisco International Airport.
Both aircrafts' wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously.
Airline Pilots Association says it is'safe and normal procedure'
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists.
They played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Many of these commanders joined the insurgency in the mid-2000s, which was dominated by ISIS who at the time were known by the name Al Qaeda in Iraq.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan ends at Southampton.
The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast.
Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child.
The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes.
Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
44% of respondents had vacancies in English, 52% in maths and 50% in science.
Overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2.
The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the night shoot.
He and Owen both wore red all-in-ones with labels on the front that said 'Hello my name is OLD' on Derek and 'Hello My Name Is LAME' on Hansel's.
Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen.
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter.
But he is now offering to post tweets for $20 for anyone who pays him $20.
The 46-year-old recently offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him through PayPal.
His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas.
The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant.
But last week Mr Jordan was told he was too ill for the operation.
He has now been given just weeks to live and is set to marry in hospital.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London.
She accused MailOnline of 'picking on her' when quizzed about donation.
Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in March.
But some Labour candidates refused the money, with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the Iraq War.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle.
Her mother Jan had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday.
But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Tesco said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on the eve before Anzac Day commemoration services.
The man was arrested for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm on Friday.
He was then taken into custody and charged with one count of public nuisance.
Tens of thousands are set to gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance in Anzac Square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women.
In January the Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate'
But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement'
Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left'
The clip shows glamorous pop star, one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.
Britain bucked the trend of Western nations by increasing spending on foreign aid last year while others imposed savage cuts.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014.
Britain's overseas aid spending of 0.7% of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the Development Assistance Committee.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre and Hailey Walden were bullied into sending nude pictures to boyfriends at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon.
Principal Jeff Baughman and police chief Marvin Hoover 'chuckled' when they brought the case to them.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Mesut Ozil visited an Apple store on Thursday to show off his new watch.
Ozil compared his watch to TV character Michael Knight in the hit action show Knight Rider.
Arsenal trail the Blues by 10 points with six league games remaining.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is.
The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Sen. Rand Paul announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him.
A dentist had testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.
The girl had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.
Wanamaker also pleaded guilty to false swearing and is eligible for parole.
Kim Sears was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday.
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and straw hat.
She wore the outfit to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding.
Andy and Kim will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Cause of Causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival.
He landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at last month’s meeting.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website.
He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last'
Mr Symonds decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday.
Mr Shapps angrily denied the claims, insisting the story was 'untrue from start to finish'
Davy McGregor was playing for Heriot's Rugby Club against the Barbarians.
The hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts.
McGregor confirmed to Joe.ie that he was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear.
Sir Nick Faldo gave Rory McIlroy a squeeze during Monday's practice round.
McIlroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam.
The 25-year-old drew a huge crowd as patrons piled in to Augusta National.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam being chosen for the name of the second royal baby.
It follows the success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree this weekend.
The 33-year-old amateur jockey helped the couple rekindle their romance.
Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this month, with a rumoured due date of April 25.
James McArthur joined Crystal Palace from Wigan Athletic last summer.
The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances this season.
West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances.
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manuel Pellegrini.
Manchester City boss has been treated like a 'criminal' after losing six of eight games.
Mourinho said: 'Some managers cannot win and life goes on, but the guys at Man City... it looks like they're criminals'
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight.
The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures.
Blackpool's relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday.
The Seasiders' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club.
Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters gathered in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner.
Blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw but manager Lee Clark admitted the club face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
Rev Richard Coles sits on board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association.
Known to many for presenting Radio 4's gentle human interest show Saturday Live.
He is supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev.
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods.
The 24-year-old claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club.
Blackman has been told he is'surplus to requirements' at Bloomfield Road.
Kim, 34, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body.
Tong Shao, 20, was found dead in her Toyota Camry on September 26.
Police believe she had been in the car for three weeks.
Her boyfriend Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case.
He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared.
State-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year.
RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided, including an extra £334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted.
Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.
Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category.
The move has been hailed by Islamic groups.
Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the fight have yet to go on public sale.
The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments.
Only a few dozen tickets have been sold through the website.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage.
State supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn almond market.
Local residents attack bottled water industry and almond growers.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR on Tuesday night.
The talkSPORT pundit was jumping up and down during the game.
Collymore called QPR's Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat' after he fell down to win a free-kick.
Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic all made the best XI.
Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea's push for their first Premier League title since 2010.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year's best XI when the club fell just two points short of the title behind Manchester City.
David de Gea is the only representative from Old Trafford this year, joining Paul Scholes, Ruud van Nistelro
Lord Prescott defended Prince Charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers.
He insisted he should 'right to 'write as many damn letters as he likes'
The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers.
Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as our family members.
David Beckham voted number one for Dad.
Holly Willoughby voted second for mum and dad.
Katie Hopkins came bottom of the list for celebrity mother.
David Villa posted a picture of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York City.
The former Barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in America, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the Eastern conference.
Dave Roberts, 50, is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough.
He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps by leaping off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees.
But instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago - Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Alison Saunders said her job as head of the CPS was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases, not the most popular ones.
She was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding that Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged.
Evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s.
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes for alcohol possession.
The Sydney grandfather was found with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and a box of white wine in his car on August 31 last year.
Mutty was ordered to serve jail time according to the Islamic calendar and received 28 of the 75 lashes.
He has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation as to why this is happening.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute.
It was the 22nd goal of the season for the Cherries at the Madejski Stadium.
Eddie Howe's side now sit in the top six in the Championship.
Health minister Marisol Touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking.
French health chiefs say the UK is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink.
HSBC was criticised for refusing to grant £250,000 mortgage because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished.
The banking giant was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their ‘distress and inconvenience’ over the ‘unfair application of its age policy’
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Pedro admits it is logical that there is talk of him leaving the club.
The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments'really difficult'
Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss.
Spurs played like a side that took look at Arsenal’s thumping defeat of Liverpool on Saturday and concluded that a place in the Champions League was already beyond their reach.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season in Shanghai.
Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of severely compromising his strategy.
Hamilton defended himself saying he was 'controling his own race'
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at Scott Bain.
But the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee.
The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan.
Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has reported that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags to clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
Lawmakers who employ 'too-thin' models face large fines and even jail time under the new French law.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh, loves to party the night away dancing on tables.
She lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis.
Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings.
His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
He also constructs more surreal variations on still life, involving insects or inanimate objects in front of a background.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Saturday.
Alan Stubbs' side are second in the Championship after a run of three defeats.
Stubbs hailed the bravery of his players after they ruined Hearts' Easter Road title party.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Neymar doubled the lead after half-an-hour.
Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench.
Inverness Caley Thistle defender Josh Meekings has been banned for one match.
Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong'
Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard.
While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and struck her in the back.
Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave.
They cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart.
Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their experiments.
The researchers found the collagen in the dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss.
Research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements.
Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London.
Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode.
Contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer.
Host Nick Hewer tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles.
It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself.
Only 25% of people think David Cameron wants to win most, YouGov poll reveals.
43% think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most'
Cameron appeared without tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes.
Nicola Sturgeon judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone.
Manchester United watched Felipe Anderson set up the winning goal against Napoli.
Anderson has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Gonzalo Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with Rafa Benitez set to leave.
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang.
Footage shows him waving and smiling to crowds with right wrist in bandage.
Doctors say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist, and judged it to be a minor injury.
IMF predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016.
Comes as Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero%.
Inflation remained at a record low of zero% for the second consecutive month.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday.
Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test.
England must decide whether to stick with the attack or twist and freshen things up.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old.
She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years.
The elephant was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary in the north of the country.
It is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds.
Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C.
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
Alex Hales scored 222 not out on the opening day of the LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire.
Hales' runs from 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six, helped Nottinghamshire reach 393 for seven by stumps.
Yorkshire's Steven Patterson, with two for 58, and Jack Brooks, two for 90, returned the leading figures for the defending Champions.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons.
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table.
Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down.
Stoke have been singing Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s.
Artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like.
He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions.
The images were created by concept artist Alex Brady, 32, from Cambridge in the UK, who normally works on video games and movies.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace.
Pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
42-year-old had served in First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland.
Father-of-three had witnessed'significant violence only soldiers experience'
He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia, a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City.
The 24-year-old was signed up to a five-year contract last summer.
Pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players, but Rose is not one of them.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects.
But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
Meanwhile criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught.
SNP leader admits she understands concerns of English voters about coalition government.
She also suggested David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP.
Miss Sturgeon insisted she would put Ed Miliband into Downing Street.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free.
It was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin, before being ‘scratched’
It also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer – albeit not very hard.
Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th April.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats.
The image of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after Islamic State was forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Some ISIS supporters appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information about the defeat at Tikrit and discussions of the defeat of Kobane.
Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday afternoon.
The experimental espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy.
It was originally intended for her to get some relief from the station's instant coffee.
But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on a hired sailboat with a captain when they were attacked.
Four men with guns and knives boarded the boat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas.
They also took gasoline, the radio and drinking water from the boat.
The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail, which was discovered by hikers four days later.
Deborah Roberts forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth.
She also poured water over the dementia patient, court heard.
Roberts, 53, was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect.
But she avoided a prison sentence at Canterbury Magistrates' Court.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.
Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web.
Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury to help Aston Villa to a grandstand finish.
Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the semi finals in Brazil last year.
The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and has shaken off a calf injury.
Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe and much of Asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,000 years ago.
Now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern Europe at around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared.
They took CT scans of teeth found at two sites in northern Italy and found they belonged to ancestors of modern human.
The teeth are the oldest modern human remains in Europe.
Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' jobless lifestyle.
The 45-year-old appeared to have launched a new career as a documentary maker.
His Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson's sacking.
He has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube.
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport.
They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Group is understood to include Waheed Ahmed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children.
Four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back to UK.
Scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season.
The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his shoulder for the second time in a year.
Scott hasn’t played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing in a music video.
The Filipino boxer has tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career in boxing.
Pacquiao will be hoping he is in the mood to sing after his highly-anticipated showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
The rapprochement is set to dominate the Summit of the Americas meeting, held in Panama, less than four months after they announced they would seek to lower tensions and boost trade.
Rebecca Adlington's baby girl is due on June 4.
The Anantara is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else.
It has over-the-water bungalows which provide the perfect view.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for Barcelona this season.
The midfielder assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the hunt for the treble.
Mohammad Liaqat launched into a 'racist tirade' at teachers at Mount Carmel High School in Accrington, Lancashire.
The 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at the school.
He hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children.
Liaqat was remanded in custody and will be sentenced in June.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league.
Ibrahimovic criticised referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants.
The Swede has scored 102 goals for PSG since joining in 2012.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his race by slowing down.
Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional'mock war'
Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani.
The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister.
After closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution, the jury began their deliberations on Tuesday afternoon.
If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview as Manny Pacquiao.
Nichols makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax.
The annual levy will hit his own home in north London.
Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron price'
The Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax'
Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a canary-coloured taxi in Derby in May last year.
The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result.
She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, has a terrible fear of anything yellow.
Jennifer Saunders, who wrote and starred in the series, confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn.
Joanna Lumley, who plays Patsy in the comedy, had told her to ‘do it before we die’
Saunders was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with Dawn French.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
The Magpies failed to show at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
John Carver admits he was 'embarrassed' by the performance.
Amazing image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
Four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man at the entrance to the park.
Campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana while dozens of police officers hovered nearby.
Of the 53 arrested in London, 16 were taken into custody, while 21 were released on street bail and asked to return to a station at a later date.
Premier League returns this weekend after fourth international break.
Chelsea have won all three of their post-international matches.
Arsenal are awaiting their first Premier League win directly following break.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours.
It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.
The app allows the user to select their area, and then their time slot.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11.
Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.
Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33.
His co-accused Rachel Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial.
Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012.
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
The club's hierarchy have decided that Johnson should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell.
Cresswell has impressed for the Hammers this season.
City are desperate to add to their quota of English players.
James Milner is on the brink of leaving the club.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round.
Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011.
The fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round.
Christian Benteke scored the winning goal for Aston Villa against Tottenham.
The Belgian striker is back to form under manager Tim Sherwood.
Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th place.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi.
The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid.
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris.
Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
The 58-year-old actress - who is married to actor Tom Hanks - took to her Twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters.
On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition.
They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets.
The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season.
Ridley is the 15th player to join the Jets in a frantic free agency.
Mark Hughes wants Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at Stoke.
Hughes has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in May 2013.
Stoke sit 10th in the Premier League and still have an outside chance of earning a European berth.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to seal victory.
Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich.
Police in Lewiston, Idaho, are looking for a passer-by who pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car that was dangling over a cliff on Wednesday.
Sitko crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria.
Claims she has sported same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years.
But on her return to lessons she claims she was ordered to tone it down.
Now she has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance.
Steve Davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green.
Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight.
The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record.
Darius is the king of the Continental Giant breed.
He is the size of an average eight-year-old child.
Aged only one, Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st.
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942.
Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of British troops.
Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up the beach.
Chris Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, saved the life of Dr Michael Shannon when he was born premature in 2011.
Trokey was one of the paramedics who treated Dr Shannon and rushed him to hospital - where he spent more than a month - after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in his burning SUV.
West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw by Stoke at Upton Park.
Sam Allardyce lamented his side's 'nerves and panic'
The Hammers remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up.
Allardyce revealed striker Diafra Sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The Belgian striker is set to attract interest from Wolfsburg.
Benteke's contract is worth £50,000 per week and he has ambitions to play European football.
The University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite school Scot's College.
The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Scot's College does not advertise their fees for tuition, sport and other curriculum activities, but in 2013 they were reported to be $30,900 per year.
Atletico Madrid are in talks with Palermo over the signing of Paulo Dybala.
Argentine forward has attracted interest from a number of European clubs.
Dybala has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season.
Glenn Ford, 65, was released from prison in Angola last year after serving 31 years for a murder he didn't commit.
Marty Stroud, 63, visited Ford at his Louisiana home last week to apologize for putting him on death row for the 1984 killing of a jeweler.
Ford, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer shortly after his release, was too weak to stand when Stroud walked into his home.
Stroud, who wished Ford the best before leaving the home, had asked to meet the man after apologizing to him in a powerful letter published in a local newspaper.
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona's Martin Montoya pull off the trick shot.
The nine-year-old moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal.
After a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Roland Giroux captured his remarkable relationship on camera.
He gently cups the fish with his hand and then treats it to a massage.
The blood parrot cichlid swims away from the man's hand a few times.
But he was forced to remove the other two from the tank when he noticed they were bullying his prized pet.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, have appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America.
Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody' and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook.
Shackleford revealed that 'Be on Ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things I want to do before I die'
April Jones was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys.
She was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger, 49, in October 2012.
Mrs Jones, 43, has received hate mail blaming her for April's death.
The mother of two has been branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play.
April's older sister Jazmin said her family are still struggling to come to terms.
A young English fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother.
The 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.
He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia.
All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year.
Severance's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit. Murder', a prosecutor has said.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City against West Ham.
The 26-year-old says his goal against the Hammers may be his most important yet.
Nigel Pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask' despite win.
The US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US.
One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps.
Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
Porters are carrying passengers' luggage up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, from 5am to 10pm every day, free of charge.
The construction project didn't budget for an escalator between the metro station and the bus terminal.
Airmail in the US began as early as 1911, with the first official flight departing Petaluma, California.
As the flights got longer, with more frequent stop-offs, the beacons and arrows were placed to help pilots on their way.
After World War One, the US Postal Service began to use surplus war planes for mail delivery and many were flown by former army pilots.
The giant arrows started to be placed across the country, sometimes at 10-mile intervals, from 1924.
Professor Stephen Hawking was speaking at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday.
He was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band.
The legendary physicist was speaking as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK.
Professor Hawking joked that in another different universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction'
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season.
Newcastle would have been bottom of the Premier League without the run.
The 53-year-old picked up the players for the winning run.
Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to ancestral villages.
Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving favourite food and drink.
As part of the Qingming Festival – which means 'pure brightness' – China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
The Eiffel Tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures.
The nationwide strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday.
Now workers have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts.
Governor Mary Fallin signed bill approving nitrogen as alternative method of death.
It gives Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty.
Method involves pumping chamber full of nitrogen and leaving prisoner's body to die.
Proponents say it is 'foolproof' as it requires no medical expertise.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
The 24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
He was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street.
On Wednesday night, he uploaded a picture of the smirking men in the dock.
It is now being used as the criminal's 'cover picture' on Facebook, court heard.
England captain Alastair Cook faces the media at Gatwick Airport on Thursday morning.
Peter Moores and returning captain Alistair Cook put on a united front ahead of a five-week tour they cannot afford to go wrong.
Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany.
He is now living with a group of English speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and Australia.
Hamza's friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki recently bought himself a pet, possibly to help him with his loneliness.
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil.
Ozil scored Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool.
The former Liverpool forward made the claim before the game.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob Prien, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism.
Jacob was given the all-clear by Qantas, and flew to Brisbane for the weekend.
Ms Laurente later attacked the airline on her Facebook page, where she said it 'can suck a big fat one'
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6.
On Wednesday, police released a report after an investigation into his death.
The fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'
An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
Bill Spedding, 63, has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault.
The New South Wales Ombudsman is investigating how he was able to live with children despite claims being made against him.
Spedding has denied any involvement in the disappearance of William Tyrrell, who was three years old when he vanished from his grandmother's Kendall home in September.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships.
Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia.
Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling will both be excused from the tournament.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace.
Ward has impressed at both left and right back for the Eagles.
The 25-year-old has made 35 appearances in all competitions this season.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and created two more.
The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling.
A raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning.
Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester last summer.
Midfielder has been in excellent form for the Foxes this season.
Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League.
Jordan Spieth holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage at Augusta.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 7:45pm UK time on Saturday.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, Guildford Crown Court heard.
The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car.
Father-of-one, of Addlestone, Surrey, was given one-to-one tuition at Rydens School in Hersham, Surrey.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, was handcuffed in front of her daughter Aimee, now 19.
The mother-of-five was arrested amid claims of child neglect.
Aimee was forced to watch the incident, all the while screaming: 'I want my mummy'
The council worker was interviewed by Ruth Langsford on This Morning.
She said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week.
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales.
Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles.
National Trust bought the site from private landowners for £3million.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mario Balotelli made his first start in a Premier League game since November.
Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham drew 2-2 with Southampton.
Robert Huth has played a major role in Leicester's recent run of positive results.
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002.
The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner.
Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin.
Sir Paul and Ms Mills went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when distracted.
Researchers observed parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York.
They measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot Friday morning.
Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone with the victim.
Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading.
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer.
But the Argentine was the visitors' best player in the game.
Daryl Janmaat's injury led to rumours of Dave Watson filling in.
The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010.
At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.
Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now.
But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
Liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Shannen Hussein, 21, asks Liz: 'Are you hungry?'
The reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head.
Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills.
It was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network.
But engineers are due to visit the tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
Sales of iPhones in China also revealed to have outstripped those in the US.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes.
Social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue'
Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in the first three months of 2015.
Figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow morning.
The Tories have stepped up their warnings about the risk to the economy.
They warn Britain is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations.
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California.
Police say he was involved in an argument with another motorist.
Brothers Steven Rodriguez and Jacob Rodriguez have been charged with capital murder.
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat.
They are now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide.
Stoke City have opened talks over a summer move for Daniel Wass.
The 25-year-old Denmark international is available for around £3.5million.
Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle.
Boris Johnson says Ed Miliband wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
He says Labour wants to hit small- and medium-sized businesses with more corporation tax and higher national insurance.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too nice.
Wards were reluctant to issue tickets, letting locals get away with offences.
Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets to break even.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out.
The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12.
Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Burberry ponchos have boosted sales by 10 per cent over the winter.
The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne.
Firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror'
But Israel, which fears an Iranian nuclear attack, issued a series of dire warnings.
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer.
She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’
Phil Jones wants Manchester United to 'turn up and play their football' against Manchester City on Sunday.
United sit third in the Premier League table with seven games remaining.
Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven.
For a small loaf you need to allow around 6-7 minutes and for a large, or particularly wet one, around 12 to 13 minutes.
Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says that the water trick does actually work but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day.
Eden Hazard is the favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Harry Kane and David de Gea are also on the shortlist.
Jamie Carragher says John Terry told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid.
The Belgian defender has attracted interest from Manchester City and Tottenham.
Ronald Koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million.
Fast car sequel Furious 7 won the box office crown for the third week running, taking an estimated $29.1 million.
This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Thief posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church in Manchester.
As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal the contents of two other women's bags.
He sat down in a pew next to the 86-year-old for the Good Friday service.
Police have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender.
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years.
He says his job 'helps me stay young and I just keep going'
The great-grandfather served in the royal navy during the Second World War.
Gary Dahl's rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
They came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding'
Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean.
The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.
Experts say the procedure should only be carried out when'medically necessary'
Mike Brown is unsure when he will return to action for Harlequins.
The full back pulled out of England's clash with Saracens last weekend.
George North has been advised not to play again this season.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots on Sunday.
Spieth became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Rose admitted he lost to the better man as he finished 18 under.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday.
Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff.
Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
The Welshman faces a race to be fit for Real's Champions League semi-final.
Bale has not been injured since October of last year.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.
Two armed robbers tried to break into a jewellery shop in Wigan, Greater Manchester.
They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises.
Police have appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders.
The codpieces used in the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall were too small.
They should have been double the size, according to an expert.
This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation.
It is said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the American audience.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says the team will just keep calm and carry on.
Ryuichi Kiyonari powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
The Japanese rider headed off the close attentions of James Ellison.
Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid.
Laura Wells, size 14, lived with'skinnier' models ahead of Fashion Week.
Says agents told them to stick to diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'
Also reveals she was initially insulted by the suggestion she should be a plus-size model.
Tottenham host Burnley in the Capital One Cup final on Sunday.
Hugo Lloris is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Mauricio Pochettino has praised Michel Vorm's attitude.
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999.
He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination.
Diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen.
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory.
Law student answered 10'starter for 10' questions in last round of BBC quiz show.
The Cambridge students beat Magdalen College, Oxford in final on Monday.
Mr Lovesay has now admitted he had help from some unlikely sources.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved.
He penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for the good job that they did.
Woman forced elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand.
The shocking exchange was filmed at an undisclosed location in China.
Despite the man promising to pay her back, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Quigg's promoter Eddie Hearn offered the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman's career to date.
The proposal was made live on television, with Frampton's team given until the end of the week to accept the terms.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years.
49-year-old said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses.
He said some workers would stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it'
Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be deported from Newcastle.
The Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK.
Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in Britain.
Saffat died of meningitis last month after a long battle with cancer.
Gareth Silk and his friends were inspired by the Money Supermarket advert.
The group of six descended on the promenade of Benidorm, Spain.
They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts.
Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds.
Manuel Pellegrini doesn't believe his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co.
Liverpool star Raheem Sterling has already had his name linked with the defending Premier League champions.
The Blues have failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
She already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of the ways that a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, became obsessed with her own weight.
She would hide food down the side of her bed and eat 100 calories a day.
But her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences.
Laura collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care.
L'Ardéchoise site in the Ardèche region in south central France is a five-star park - at the top end of what's on offer in France.
With four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for little ones, it didn't disappoint.
Tiger Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
The 39-year-old is ranked 111th in the world.
Woods is on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal Grand Slam.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his native Iran.
He has preached that thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife is not a sin.
But if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay, he says.
Also warns that wearing the hijab could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side moved a step closer to the Premier League title.
Arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game.
David Ospina was lucky to get away without conceding a penalty.
Ellen Gallant was climbing Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck.
Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas.
There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster on Saturday.
Dr Gallant said she and an Indian doctor rushed to help the injured in difficult conditions following the avalanche, including the gravely-ill Sherpa.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan killed in attack in Nadhem al-Taqseem region.
Colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in attack north of Fallujah.
Iraqi army embroiled in battle to reconquer western Anbar province.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury.
The wicketkeeper lost his England place to Jos Buttler last summer.
Head coach Mark Robinson has warned Prior is out 'indefinitely'
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off.
The family consisted of a black mother and a white father.
Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward.
Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'
The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the state.
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual Women of the 21st Century Awards luncheon.
Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
Her salty husband and fellow judge Jerry chimed in to dispute her claim.
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight.
The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor.
Couple enjoyed steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley.
Workers at office block which overlooks park said pair did not even appear to be put off.
In one video, taken by shocked office workers, one man can be heard asking ‘Why would you do that?’ before describing it as ‘well funny’
Another claims to his colleagues that it’s the second time the pair got down to business, branding it ‘round two’
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis.
Dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving.
Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar.
Charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
Change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
The foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading Democrat.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?'
One man in Austin, Texas was convinced Murray said 'Get out (of) my nightgown'
Murray also ran into one very talkative man intent on repeating he used to live in Britney Spears' dads house.
Mamadou Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday.
The French defender was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Sakho will miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa on April 19.
Vicente del Bosque was flabbergasted as to how his side failed to find the back of the net despite taking 'command' of the game.
Holland's Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored twice in the space of four minutes.
Del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.
The 28-year-old has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Naismith is the latest recipient of the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community.
Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent Mumia Abu-Jamal letters wishing him well.
The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention.
Abu-Jama, who shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981, was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy.
But this week he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared.
West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough.
Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings.
Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly.
The original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him.
Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself.
'You have to share,' screamed Fallon.
Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in the Miami Open semi-final.
Isner is the first American to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest.
The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2-1 at the Stadium of Light.
The Congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for Glenn Murray.
Alan Pardew's side have now lost the four games immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories.
George Ford's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half.
Bath were outmuscled at the breakdown, bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out.
The three-time champions Leinster were hanging on for dear life.
Olivier Rousteing has revealed why he chose Kim and Kanye for Balmain.
The designer says they'represent a family for the new world'
The couple, who have a 22-month-old daughter, have become a fashionable family.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
The two-time world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne.
A leading group has condemned Hamilton's behavior as'selfish and inconsiderate'
The group said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society.
The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown present an online science show on YouTube.
They discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us.
The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.
Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.
The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action.
Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by Deegan on Irvine.
Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights today.
A drone was reported buzzing around the area, causing disruption.
Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports.
Police continue to investigate the report of the sighting.
Frances, 53, spent Easter weekend with friends and family in Barbados.
She has previously holidayed with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
The pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
Bentley Motors' top designer criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on Facebook and called it a 'copy'
Luc Donckerwolke thought the Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth at Augusta National.
The 75-year-old added another magic moment to his storied career.
Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss her condition.
She suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip.
The father-of-two smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed.
Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in, saying: 'It's a good one to have'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance.
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School.
The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
'All of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience told RTV.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11.
The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago.
Ed Sheeran sent them a personal video in which he said: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex'
Ian Merrett, 28, was accused of sexual harassment for whistling at Poppy Smart, 23.
The marketing co-ordinator said she was 'lucky' to have received attention.
Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for unprovoked attack on a train.
Miss Smart, who filmed the taunts, asked West Mercia Police to investigate.
He said: 'It's highly likely it was me who did that wolf-whistle'
But Mr Merrett admitted it was probably him whistling but called Miss Smart a'silly little girl'
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share.
Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving.
A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies.
Stars will also perform at a 1940s-themed concert held on Horse Guards Parade in London in the evening, to be shown on the BBC.
Khloe, 30, has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks.
She recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime.
The ex-wife of Lamar Odom donned a body hugging black jumpsuit for the event showing off her weight loss results.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.
The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
The Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a letter complaining about her noisy neighbours.
She dropped a thank-you card and gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door.
But after a month of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy'
He went onto apologise for the' music festivals and comedy galas' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery 4kms away,
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer.
The Dutchman has been revelation in his first season in English football.
Only a point is needed to break Southampton's Premier League points tally.
Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien Rigden, stayed at the family-run hotel in Cyprus last week.
The pair thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights.
But it didn’t live up to its billing and it didn't match the photos they saw online.
They were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever.
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at Jesuit High School in Dallas has surfaced.
In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on Facebook last week.
The 67-year-old is being sued by the Oyston family over allegations he made on his social network account last year.
Over 1,000 supporters did just that, ensuring the target was met in only three days.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
The England winger has attracted interest from Manchester City and Liverpool.
Walcott is scheduled to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight.
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The appointment will be welcomed by both camps.
Bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother.
The Morleys released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'
Less than two years later, Floyd is now a bigger brother to three-week-old twins, and his mum Jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 won the final 10 games to claim her eighth title.
Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday.
Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, NSW, with just a small bag of belongings each.
His mother Anika, a qualified nurse, worked at a local nursing home and Stanford, along with his brother Luke, worked shift work.
He was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
On Monday Stanford allegedly hung his clothes out to dry and told neighbours he'd been 'busy'
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.
Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, it is claimed.
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20.
Ward has won all of his 24 bouts but has not fought since November 2013.
Smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges to Arthur Abraham.
Ards Borough Council spent £7,000 on lavish Christmas banquet and disco.
Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before dancing.
The party was adorned with almost £500 worth of balloons and Christmas crackers.
It is the first the council has hosted in recent years and will be their last.
Security officials said member of Al-Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen and freed more than 300 inmates.
Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, the official said.
Elsewhere, the advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth.
Despite the clash, the Duke plans to do ‘everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph.
Starbucks announced late Friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the US and Canada has now been resolved.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
Starbucks offered free drinks and baked goods to customers before saying stores that had not already closed for the evening Friday were closing early.
Novak Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after losing to Andy Murray.
The Serbian player grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught in the crossfire.
Djokovic apologised to the youngster and his parents on his Facebook page.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big.
After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house.
Hostetler realized his vision, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
Currently trying to sell off the home is Indiana-born, Florida-based tech investor Chad Folkening.
Robert De Niro, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party.
He said if Hillary Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'
He was joined by producer Jane Rosenthal and Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013.
Lombardi claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues.
Then, on May 8, 2014, Lombardi asked for career advice from Albert 'Chip' Colley,
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a sprint finish with Niki Terpstra.
Thomas was one of the favourites to win the title following his recent victory in E3 Harelbeke and third-place finish at the Gent-Wevelgem sprint classic.
Kristoff came home in a time of six hours, 26 minutes and 38 seconds.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's New Year's Eve party.
He woke up to find his friend Rob Gaskell, also 24, had tattooed his back.
Rob spent 30 minutes etching his own design into his mate's leg.
The pair are now getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport.
He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals.
The chairman said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions.
Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece.
Morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers.
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients.
The supermarket has been praised by Muslim figures after announcing the move.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Lukaku back in.
Everton boss believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden.
A Northern Territory mother was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli -25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was alone for the break but she's sure somebody else in the area must have recognised the X-rated cloud.
Last June, a 48-year-old nature photographer captured another famous penis cloud which made waves online.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction.
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
It is now hoping to bring the technology to the US and has outlined plans for a line between Washington and Baltimore.
Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 came in second, followed by Fiat Panda Mk2.
Lexus RX Mk2 took the top spot with 97.27 per cent of the vote.
Alondra Luna Nunez was taken to Mexico by her father in 2007 at age four.
A judge ignored her family's pleas and put Alondra on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Dorotea Garcia last week.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams.
Hamill was 'cleared' to tell the packed house that he did record a voiceover specifically for the new teaser trailer, which debuted on Thursday during the Celebration kick-off panel.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously.
All of her marriages took place in New York state, allegedly starting in 1999.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down.
His family called Royal Darwin Hospital.
Duchess of Cambridge's baby is expected before the end of April.
Due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday.
Either way, the 33-year-old is now overdue and may have spoken to doctors.
Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived in July 2013.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Barcelona take a 3-1 lead into their second leg encounter at the Nou Camp.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Muhammad Ali v Joe Frazier was one of the most brutal spectacles in the annals of the hardest game.
Ali was forced to lower his guard as they landed more than 100 blows to the head between them.
The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern European fisheries analysed.
Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s.
But the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006.
Roy Keane delivered a team talk during Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Aston Villa in 2007.
Danny Higginbotham described the speech as 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'
The former Manchester United midfielder now works as a pundit.
Proton Partners International Ltd is set to open three proton beam therapy centres.
The centres will be available to NHS cancer patients in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017.
Ashya King, five, was given the 'all-clear' after receiving treatment in Prague.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King fled to Spain in a bid to get Ashya to the centre in Prague and protect him from the devastating side effects of NHS treatment.
Figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011.
Nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014 despite a surge in reports, the number of arrests fell by nine per cent.
Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the figures as a 'national scandal'
Air Malta passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff.
The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast.
It was to celebrate the marriage of one of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the Channel 4 documentary.
It divided opinion with its debut in Birmingham's James Turner Street.
Viewers were split in opinion last series, with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
Duffel bag containing human remains found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
It was seen outside building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc.
More human remains have been found in common area of apartment complex.
Suspect, who will not be identified until arraignment on Monday, will be arraigned.
They are 'under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains'
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain.
The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC.
He helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at the club.
Drinnan was sentenced to 80 hours unpaid work for the community.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December.
Program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.
The only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old, so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency or they risked losing the data forever.
Workers in China have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in Pingjiang County, Hunan province.
With no ropes or safety harnesses, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway.
The men are pictured perched on nothing more than rusty metal scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the mountainside to extend the road.
Chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
Judges order parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden.
They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named.
Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes.
The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Charlie Teo.
'He's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him' said Jahnae.
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student Ranajit Roy.
He spent five minutes snapping the photographs in his hometown of Bengaluru.
The palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro.
But his wife says he has now run out of blood pressure medication.
The pair were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Judge has since extended their custody licence, which will be up again.
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma.
The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
In addition to destroying the two reptile enclosures, the fire also destroyed a video production studio.
Tom Carroll scored the only goal for England Under 21s against Czech Republic.
The Swansea midfielder is on loan from Tottenham.
Carroll has made 18 appearances for the Swans since joining last summer.
Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Altice.
The boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
Gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple.
The real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China.
While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was hard at work digging their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda.
After two days of investigation, police located the tunnel and were able to determine its source.
They launched a sting operation four days later and
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of school for poor attendance because of her Leukemia.
Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance.
Rose's mother Barbara McGrath was just as heartbroken to hear the news and said even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment, that her recovery will take some time.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their state-of-the-art training complex.
Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council.
Real Madrid stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids.
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.
When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Like Paul, the Kentucky senator made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections.
Much of the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG is unconventional, including Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face.
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House.
The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX in February.
But there was one notable absence from the squad who visited.
Quarterback Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen at the White House.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin allegedly asked police van to stop in deserted area.
He claimed he needed a toilet break while en route to court in Hyderabad.
But another prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'
The five men were all killed in the shooting, while just one of the 17 officers guarding the truck was hurt.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died after falling down the stairs.
Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious.
But after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show.
The 66-year-old blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.
Ed Balls was asked what seven times six equals were.
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously.
He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, has been charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
Shocking dash cam footage emerged last week showing Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia.
The video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying in the future.
Colin, who has autism, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry.
His mother filmed her son's ecstatic response as he realizes the package contains a plethora of Star Wars merchandise.
Jordan Henderson is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract.
Liverpool vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but is yet to sign an extension.
Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004.
Rotherham council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates.
Former chief boss Martin Kimber left in December after grooming scandal.
Council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday.
He joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham.
Mr Cameron admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground.
Later emerged that the PM actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report.
FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season.
Edinburgh will have to see off Newport Gwent Dragons if they are to reach the final at the Stoop.
Visser was one of Edinburgh’s key men in the dramatic win at the Madejski Stadium.
Danny Willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface.
Willett was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey.
The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 at Augusta National.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration 'The Doll House Collective'
The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects.
Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women.
£2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha.
But when it arrived in Britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it.
They said it didn't have the required endangered species import permit.
Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it to her, because it was not imported with the right documentation.
Judge Anne Redston said she was'very sad to lose her birthday present'
The Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks.
They learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'
The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
The mother was also at a higher risk for preeclampsia, a blood pressure-related pregnancy complication that can be fatal.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Robert Lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat.
Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose.
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families.
Number of deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent.
At the same time price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients.
Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money.
Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
He has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Quilty has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life'
The artist has tirelessly led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government.
Australians want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low.
Extending au pairs on working holiday visas to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option.
The introduction of Asian nannies to Australia would go some way to help address the childcare shortage it's been argued.
The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died.
He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook.
Phil and his wife Vania own Ultimate Gym and Fitness centre at Winnellie together.
Lawrence Phillips, who was jailed in 2005, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens.
On Monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing Damion Soward, a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County.
Soward was found lifeless on Saturday morning in the cell he shared with Phillips, 39, at Kern Valley State Prison.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier.
He said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos.
Sivkov said that the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US.
The military man says that the tsunami could trigger the Yellowstone Caldera.
It would then unleash feet of volcanic ash over all of the United States.
3,118 unidentified applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida.
But after reading congratulations notices, they realized they would need to spend entire first year taking online classes.
Classes are part of new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE)
PaCE aims to accommodate a higher number of students at flagship university.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres.
They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet.
And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots.
These are thought to possibly be expanses of ice inside a crater on Ceres.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York.
The Republican real-estate lawyer hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
Arkansas Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday.
Hutchinson cited influence from his politically liberal son Seth, who signed a petition asking him not to sign the bill into law.
The unusual move means Hutchinson doesn't risk a veto-override in the state legislature.
Lawmakers could refuse to amend the bill and force his hand, or they could do what he asks.
The decision to ban Hardy, who last played for the Carolina Panthers, followed a two-month NFL investigation.
Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects'
Domestic violence charges against Hardy were abruptly dropped in February after his accuser could not be found to testify.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the CPS's decision not to prosecute Lord Janner for child abuse.
Leading politicians from seven parties have come together to attack the decision and accused the CPS of orchestrating a 'whitewash'
The Queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in Windsor Great Park this week.
She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry.
Today's riding partner, Lord Vestry, is a close friend of the Royal Family.
The multi-millionaire, 72, is one of Britain's richest men thanks to the Vestey family's £750million fortune through the family meat business.
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck.
Across all age groups, 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year.
Almost one in four said they are in pain on a daily basis.
Robot was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 a week randomly purchasing items offered for sale on the deep web.
It would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen, in north east Switzerland.
The items it bought included a pair of Nike trainers, counterfeit designer jeans, the scan of a Hungarian passport and a set of UK Fire Brigade masterkeys.
However, it seems the Random Darknet Shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets, which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm.
She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.
Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Costel Pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes against Newcastle.
The Romanian stopper kept his place despite pressure from Vito Mannone.
Pantilimon admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, 24, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road in Irvine, California.
Prosecutors say Van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack.
Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing.
The case has drawn international attention since
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March.
His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.
Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.
She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque.
The young elephant named Jazmine approaches its mother Rozie and starts clambering over her.
Later in the video the elephant appears to be stuck as it attempts to propel itself forward with its back legs dangling from the floor.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade.
Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, Dorian Jones and Tom Prydie scored tries.
Cardiff held the upper hand historically, having won the Challenge Cup in 2010.
A $250 (£168) device called Neurio claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’
It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines.
This allows users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone.
Neurio monitors the home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold.
It can also be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Andrew Strauss says the Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Strauss believes Pietersen's recall would only be a short-term measure.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month-old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside.
The suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city.
The first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry in the 90s.
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world.
Now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
Jack Wilshere has also been pictured with a pipe during a night out.
Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine while playing for Napoli.
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am.
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded the ship this morning and the ship finally arrived at Sydney Harbour on Wednesday morning.
It had been due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to traffic as conditions were so bad.
Photographer Seth Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure.
The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world.
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Olivier Giroud and Mamadou Sakho are both in contention to replace Martin Skrtel.
The Frenchman has scored against Manchester United, City and Liverpool.
Mertesacker's lack of pace could be exposed if Daniel Sturridge starts.
The eight-inch leather dildo was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk.
The artifact has now been taken away for preservation work.
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Russia allows imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18.
Clinton's video features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, holding hands, talking about their up-coming wedding.
EasyJet customers were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation.
But airline told hard-hit passengers to pay £10 fee for proof flight was cancelled.
Charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from insurers.
No other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged.
There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery.
Now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
His trial had been due to start Monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to they could examine
Vanessa Santillan, 33, was found strangled and beaten to death last month.
Her body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London.
She died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.
A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed.
Scotland Yard is appealing to anyone who had contact with her in the hours before her death.
Leicester have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games.
Nigel Pearson has taken advice from Howard Wilkinson, who he played under at Sheffield Wednesday, as the Foxes battle the drop.
The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.
Last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as 'America's worst nightmare'
But a poll for the Boston Globe newspaper found less than 20 per cent of Massachusetts residents questioned believed he should be put to death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh-in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2.
Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee 'invited woman in for appointment to discuss application'
She claims he locked doors and raped her as he called her a'sweet woman'
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to their already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'
The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday.
The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Charlene, 37, presented tennis ace Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award.
Presented the award during the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next week in Limerick.
The 31-year-old has a 71 per cent knockout ratio in his undefeated record.
Quillin was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to Lee.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy.
Capello was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011.
Terry retired from international football in September 2012.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit as Bayern Munich doctor this week.
The 72-year-old had been at the club for almost 40 years.
Pep Guardiola is in a stronger position than ever, according to a Bayern insider.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season.
Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley.
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley.
The hotel is a faux-gothic Victorian castle and may look too faux to European eyes, but the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83.
He then drove their bodies 150 miles before dumping them in Lincoln.
But the grey Nissan Micra he is accused of using has been lost, court told.
Prosecutors say blunder could have forensic consequences for Crook's case.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia.
But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Only 30 per cent of the population in the UK consider themselves religious.
This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent atheists.
China, Japan, Sweden and Czech Republic top list of religious countries.
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan.
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest.
Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
Romelu Lukaku's new agent Mino Raiola said he would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier.
Raiola said Lukaku would play for PSG, Manchester City, Manchester United or Bayern Munich.
Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims that Lukaku could leave Goodison Park.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without a single booking on club duty.
Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.
Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester.
Lewis Ferguson was hotly tipped to win the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday.
The 18-year-old jockey from Hawick was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion.
Ferguson managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy at the Masters on Wednesday.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs.
McIlroy is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship in September.
Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in Boston.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona.
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles.
The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
Raheem Sterling says he is not a money-grabbing 20-year-old.
Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week.
England winger is focusing on winning trophies with his club.
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 in their Aviva Premiership clash at Kingston Park.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
Bath fly half George Ford delivered a fly-half masterclass.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, went missing on October 26 while dressed as Poison Ivy.
Her body was found on a 13-acre private property close to train tracks.
The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in September 2005.
Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression.
But as his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group.
Mr Morgan was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend Max Clifford.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday.
The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.
But Mr Tsipsras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
He said Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets.
Edda Goering, 76, has failed in her bid to get the state of Bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the Third Reich.
Goering cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes.
The infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons session.
He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs.
Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars'
When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within'
He was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National on Thursday.
The 27-year-old was in the second group out at 7.56am.
Willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
Kevin Morton, 49, gave son Kye Backhouse a morphine tablet.
Kye, 13, was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria.
Morton pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Preston Crown Court.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger.
Southwest Airlines gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education.
He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York.
Just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Mr. Pearce, who was at the time teaching a summer school course and standing to earn $45,530 in the coming school year, signed a modelling contract with RED NYC.
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.
Nguyen Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face.
The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
Pep Guardiola chose Bayern Munich over Chelsea in the summer of 2012.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola.
But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers.
Guardiola opted to join Bayern instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga.
Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy.
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Mats Hummels has indicated he is ready to join Manchester United.
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton.
Mercedes AMG Petronas driver Rosberg may buck up and take pole.
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash.
Crystal Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday.
Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence.
David Alaba has had his cast removed following knee ligament damage.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed.
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife.
Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike.
The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum.
Initially everything appears to be calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth.
She then went back to work on a shoe production line in Wenzhou City.
When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold'
The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.
Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers Crystal Palace.
James Morrison headed in within two minutes and Craig Gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the second half.
West Brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory, drawing five and losing five.
Abbey Clancy, 29, is the winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing.
She joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27, in the new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing.
Poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood.
One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the Italian capital.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori.
The 51-year-old was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.
One in six GPs considering going part-time and 7% considering quitting altogether.
Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries.
Hull City lost 2-0 to Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are just two points clear of the drop zone.
Bruce is confident he can keep Hull in the Premier League.
Josh Meekings was served with retrospective notice of complaint after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths.
Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow.
Inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him for the Final against Falkirk on May 30.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil.
Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.
Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
Shown is another torrent frog, the Waterfall frog.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks.
He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) and believed the operation would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia.
In a letter to his lawyer K claimed he had healed the patient by removing his 'poisonous' teeth.
But in court K said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S lived in woods and only ate raw foods, had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Gary Cahill has won back his starting spot alongside John Terry.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny has kept six clean sheets.
Gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa.
Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes.
Last night in parts of Johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart.
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996.
David Beckham did it for Manchester United in 1996 but lost the game.
Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had to admit that Adam's goal was a wonder-goal.
SNP leader said Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance.
She was interviewed by STV's Debi Edward for the special TV programme set to be aired in Scotland at 7.30pm tonight.
Ayyan Ali, 21, has been in jail since March 14 after being caught with $500,000 in her carry-on bag at Benazir Bhutto International Airport.
She has been charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country.
Former model-turned-public relations guru says fashionista circles can talk about nothing but Ali's arrest.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the iPhone 6S in favour of the iPhone 7.
The difference may seem slight, but it suggests the next model of iPhone could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range.
Apple describes Force Touch as the'most significant new sensing capability' since Multi‑Touch.
It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly.
If Force Touch is added to the next iPhone, Mr Kuo said the change will be significant enough to warrant Apple adding the 7 moniker to any new handsets.
News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
The leaked information, along a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being on a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
He is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of NBC
Bayern Munich host Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
The Bavarians are without Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
Pep Guardiola is having to content with a number of injuries ahead of the game.
Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta on Friday to watch Tiger Woods play.
Woods carded a three-under-par 69 in the second round of the Masters.
The 14-time major winner is 12 strokes behind leader Jordan Spieth.
If Spieth wins he would tie the record for youngest winner in Masters history with Woods.
Luke Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney in May 2013.
Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction.
He said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it wasn't made him: 'absolutely sick to my stomach'
Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18
Father-of-one Szilveszter injected petroleum jelly into his penis.
Instead it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex.
The 24-year-old feared he would never be able to have more children.
He said: 'Every day is difficult for me as it's very painful and bleeding'
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London.
He was the neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes.
His entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Prince Abdul Malik wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah yesterday.
The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time.
But the couple aren't the first too say I do at a ceremony costing millions.
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Florida at 4.10 ET today.
The company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform.
But Elon Musk tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
The impact of landing, however, caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby.
Rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby in 2011.
The England captain also scored a late winner against Manchester City.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his team.
Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13.
Kelly Kreth, 44, has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick.
Kreth has written to men and women behind bars who she believes fit the bill of a sociopath and who have a certain level of intelligence.
She says she shared personal information about her own life so that the prisoners saw her as someone they would feel comfortable sharing their secrets with.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.
Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh.
Bibi's brother, Muhammad Azam, said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under.
Overall, experts removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
The jump came after the internet watchdog was told that it could proactively seek out abusive content online, in order to shut it down.
Scotland's First Minister said Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around'
She called on him to be ‘tougher’ and ‘bolder’
Polls suggest no one party will have a majority after May 7.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close.
Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing.
The man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City.
He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.
His younger brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier.
The silver car that hit Mr Zhang sped away from the scene without stopping.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.
He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges.
The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia.
Here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month.
In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
He adds: 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
Edward Snowden admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from GCHQ.
Former US spy also acknowledged there had been a 'f***-up'
He said potentially catastrophic blunders were a 'fundamental' price of liberty.
The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win.
Derby will make sure of a play-off place if they beat Millwall.
Preston will be promoted with a win and MK Dons lose.
Leyton Orient and Notts County will be relegated if they lose.
Calf in northern India has five mouths - believed to be the most ever seen on a calf.
The strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders.
But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths.
Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off.
The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future.
It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions.
The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a large pond in Northern California.
The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping.
Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
David and Samantha Cameron pictured at breakfast with wife Samantha and three children.
Mr Cameron blundered into row after admitting he did not want a third term as PM.
But ITV show showed them teasing him after he appeared to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday night.
VanZant has been hyped as the UFC's next big thing despite only having fought five times.
The 21-year-old admits it feels surreal to be part of the UFC.
The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother secretly gave birth in the bathroom.
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning.
The 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25.
Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of Eastern Conference.
Aaron Tate, 29, is accused to leaving his daughter alone on the floor of a McDonald's and then driving away.
Police say Rachel Jaajaa, 22, refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby'
Jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby.
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family.
The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old.
Ms English has always struggled with the pain of not knowing her birth mother and wondering what her life could have been.
She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers.
$40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep.
Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin.
The wrinkle preventing version is 'therapeutic and extra-smooth'
The microfibre cover zips off for machine washing for $60 (£40)
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt.
Baltimore police epartment rules were updated nine days before Gray's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device.
Gray was not belted in, said attorney Michael Davey, who represents at least one of the officers under investigation.
It's not clear whether he was injured by officers in the street or while being carried alone
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City's chances of signing Raheem Sterling.
Rodgers says a move to the Etihad would not be a step up.
City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Sterling.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries.
Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was 'at war' with migrant traffickers, describing them as'slave traders of the 21st century'
Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered.
Officials rejected asylum claims of 46 Vietnamese aboard an Australian navy vessel before the group was handed back to Vietnam last week.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection.
Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Juan Mata admits his side must look at every game as a 'final'
The Spaniard has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side.
United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday.
Hibs are currently second bottom of the Championship.
Stubbs' No2, John Doolan, formed part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff.
Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
The unnamed woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub.
She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
The man, also from Japan, Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2.
Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents calling her 'an inspiration'
The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month.
There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK.
In his letter the Prince said he had been 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, posted images of her post-pregnancy body on Instagram.
The mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'
She gave birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone, 22, in June last year.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire.
The 31-year-old has been recruited to replace Martin Guptill for the Test series against England.
Amla will begin his short stint at home to Northamptonshire on May 10.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning.
During the incident on Wednesday, Talib had a physical altercation with someone inside Club Luxx and then a shot was fired outside around 2am.
Police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence.
The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body.
Nuaman tired to escape but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire.
He said some members of his local community helped him put out his burning clothes by pouring more sand on top of him.
Royal Mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of Anthony Trollope.
The Victorian novelist introduced post boxes to the UK in the 1850s.
Post boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message.
He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality.
De Blasio said that going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive vision.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass.
The vessel was badly damaged and part of the deck had to be lifted.
It is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year in long-range forecast.
But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England.
The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London.
Sir David Nicholson warns of'substantial financial problem' at heart of NHS.
Claims politicians are ignoring black hole in budget to boost election chances.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash – but Ed Miliband has refused.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights.
As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton faced five stranded residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day.
The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service.
More bad weather is expected later this week, with up to 90mm of rain expected between Friday and Saturday.
Margaret Atwood said Kate hasn't lived up to Princess Diana's reputation.
The 75-year-old said she dresses 'quite uneventfully'
She added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
Proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland.
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them.
So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon'
The first born Tawny owl gets orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Authorities drove naked bodies of alleged terrorists around Garissa.
Comes as Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, was rescued after siege.
Survivor spent two days hiding in wardrobe and drinking body lotion.
Four attackers died at Garissa, but they have not been named.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair.
She monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
The mother-of-eight says she has put him on a lifelong sex ban.
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.
Her death certificate was signed by her parents Marion and John.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
He was charged with murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
Miss Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month.
Princess Beatrice, 26, left Shoreditch House at 2am last night.
She was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31.
The Joseph A-line dress is currently sold out.
Erica Kinsman filed the lawsuit two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft.
She claims Winston assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals of the competition.
Hierro believes the current squad can emulate the success of previous sides.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on same night she stole £5,000.
She drained up to £300 a day from disabled victims' accounts.
Officers discovered Calder had stolen more than £5k from the savings of the elderly couple.
Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months today.
Firm has seen sales double in two years since Duchess was first spotted.
Among most popular royal choices was £195 coat with faux pearl buttons.
Firm now sells it with tagline ‘Worn by Duchess of Cambridge’ and markets it as suitable for before, during and after pregnancy.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their underwear.
Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently.
Lydia Jones, CEO of online retailer wantherwardrobe.com, has some tips for feeling confident and sexy in your new dress.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60.
He is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing, police said.
Chris Brugger's Hodgkin's Lymphoma treatment, Brentuximab Vedotin, has improved his condition dramatically.
His 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS)
The 35-year-old has had no shortage of support from his friends during his treatment.
He's now been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to Sydney for medical treatment.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday.
The Brit was beaten by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari by four tenths of a second.
Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths off the pace.
Rosberg shook Hamilton’s hand afterwards but kept his helmet on for longer than usual at the end of the session.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia.
She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti.
The girls were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart.
They have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mother every night.
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.
Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex.
Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
Frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since internet.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, revealed in a new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month.
Barcelona defeated PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Neymar and Luis Suarez scored in the first half to seal victory.
Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.
The meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.
would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers.
She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits.
Swindon Council is claiming that her services pose a danger to the mothers she is trying to help.
New pictures have emerged of Louis Tomlinson's wild night out with five girls.
The One Direction star was seen partying at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night.
He appeared to be rolling a joint while sitting next to a box filled with a suspicious substance.
Now, a series of newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous party have emerged.
Guernsey's only five-star hotel would have been home to a less relaxed atmosphere during the German occupation of the Channel Islands.
The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival (3 April–11 May) is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago.
Graeme Finlay, 53, claimed he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70, wielding his crutch.
The couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin.
Mr Phillips, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae.
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover.
From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities.
While firearms are prohibited, hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.
He pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick.
Patrick spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3.
On Friday, Patrick had his arm around his brother who was crying.
The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women'
Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God.
But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him.
He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter.
50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.
But experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents.
On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries with hundreds still missing.
Martin Odegaard has been dropped by Real Madrid Castilla.
The 16-year-old signed for the Spanish club in January for £2.3m.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.
Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill.
It is made entirely from timber imported from Norway.
The ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
For the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
Jack Grealish impressed against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final.
The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England.
Tim Sherwood has been impressed with the Aston Villa youngster.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building.
Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university.
Manchester University had issued a statement advising students at its North Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals and Karim Benzema scored two.
Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Tottenham Hotspur travel to Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia, said at the sentencing.
The former Illinois governor has returned to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color.
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.
He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year.
Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing.
As waters around the UK get warmer, popular species of fish could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures.
This could see the prices of these fish soar, or see them being taken off the menu completely.
In the past 40 years, reports suggest the North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average.
Nicola Adams is preparing to return to the ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
The 32-year-old Adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across Sinclair Inlet.
Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side.
Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord.
She was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo.
Police are waiting for forensic tests to confirm she was sexually assaulted.
They say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet.
These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs, which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex.
Smokey Da Lamb has been living with restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, in his Lower East Side apartment.
He was adopted by the couple after he was abandoned by his mother.
City officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
Maxine admitted that Smokey is a bit like a 'dog which has not been potty trained'
Plan to orbit Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a crewed landing in 2039.
Plan would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit.
Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos, Mars' other moon.
Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, made the trifle on Friends 16 years ago.
It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, bananas and whipped cream.
He posted a picture of his clashing ingredients on Twitter with the caption: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends'
He said: 'I thought I'd be able to compartmentalise the clashing flavours, but I cannot'
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
He duped his first wife into believing he needed to spend time away.
In reality, he was living a double life, romancing Philippa Campbell, 30.
His first wife uncovered his deception when she saw a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge.
The post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she reported to police.
Today it emerged he may have been looking for more women to romance.
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
Ukip leader spoke to ITV's Julie Etchingham on the seafront at Deal.
Described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details.
Also discussed his battle with testicular cancer, keeping his children out of the public eye and plans to go on and on as Ukip leader until 2030.
The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today.
Duke of Kent, 79, was admitted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday.
He spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged.
His Royal Highness Prince Edward walked to his daughter's car with a walking stick.
Buckingham Palace said he had been'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
Czech immigrants lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs'
Workers kept under duress amid fears for safety of families back home.
Made to give over all their wages and eat outside during winter.
Also forced to eat outside and do housework to pay off 'loans' for board and passage.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday.
The champions are nine points behind Chelsea at the top of the table.
Gary Neville said City have a'mentality problem'
British Veterinary Association withdraws support for shooting of free-running badgers.
Two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them.
BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Around 300 City fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches.
The move was made after TV scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress.
It was covered in bright blooms at LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala.
Lawyer, wife of Deputy Prime Minister and mother of three boys.
Wore outfit accompanied by £560 pair of Gianvito Rossi pumps.
Director Gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, on Sunday.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans'
Rogue One is set after Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge Of The Sith and before the original Star Wars.
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him.
England international has been abused by his own fans over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week.
Sterling was even heckled at the club's recent kit launch.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.
But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall.
Three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22 and Kimberly, 20, were shell-shocked by their mom's outburst, struggling to control their emotions as she left the explosive interview.
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, were caught on CCTV stamping 18 times.
The soldiers were expected to be jailed for 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault.
Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told Army was keen to keep them.
Smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening.
The tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt.
He said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art.
Ringholt is no stranger to nude education, having guided similar tours at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney and MONA in Tasmania.
Manchester City won the Premier League title last season after going top with one game to play.
Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United on goal difference.
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew insists City can come from behind again to snatch the title from Chelsea.
Alannah Hill broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way.
The designer was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma.
If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread.
Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 1-1 with QPR.
Tim Sherwood's side were set to drop into the bottom three after Charlie Austin scored late on.
Benteke scored his seventh goal in five Villa games to ensure honours finished even.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make him available this summer.
Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal and is unlikely to move for anything less.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge.
Men won for third time running in 161st race.
Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley.
Shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande were filming the documentary Lair of the Megashark off New Zealand's Stewart Island.
The two men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food.
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London last night.
They also visited the Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61.
Mr Mitchell is director at the community centre where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach.
Manchester United are monitoring Edinson Cavani's situation at PSG.
Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend.
The 28-year-old's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer.
The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
Miranda currently has a year left on his contract and has yet to agree a new deal with the Spanish side.
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.
Yale University asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried.
They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits.
Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming.
But this national number glosses over the geographic diversity.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent.
He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day.
But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
Owen Farrell hopes to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final.
The fly-half has been out of action since suffering a knee ligament injury in January.
Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with the injury.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain.
But her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.
Because she is mute, Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
It was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home.
Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it'
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally to 36.
Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues.
There are nine teams in the Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season.
Wayne Rooney was spotted driving his £100,000 Range Rover to training.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Rooney didn't look best pleased with the photographer as he scowled at his picture being taken.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 in the German Cup semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout.
The Spaniard followed through with a kick into Stefan Kiessling's chest.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic's effort.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration.
Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain.
But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid.
This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies.
St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing school buses on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans, when he was gunned down.
A male suspect, later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Hazeltine was hit in the face, elbow and eye and may be at risk of losing his sight.
Rodrigo Gularte asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island.
Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia.
He was sentenced to death by the Tangerang District Court in February 2005.
For years his family pleaded for clemency for him, saying doctors have classed him as paranoid schizophrenic.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
The boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Banda, who uses cannabis oil to treat Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas.
Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.
The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer.
Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final.
The Atletico boss has exacted his revenge at every turn since the 1998 World Cup knock-out match against England.
Simeone was shown a red card for lashing out at the former England midfielder during the knock out match.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
But the 23-year-old said she wasn't offended by the stunt and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' but Siying said she did not think too much about it.
She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did'
Stephanie Scott's body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
Company linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head.
It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.
Details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.
Study carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
The 23-year-old has picked up 24 separate injuries during his career.
Wilshere was tipped as a future Arsenal star when he broke through the ranks in 2008.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker, 52, in the back of the head.
He followed his victim who had just asked his group of friends for directions.
Major then felled him from behind with a punch to the head in Sutton Place.
Mr Walker, described by his family as a 'lovely man with a big heart'
Major pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was jailed for three years.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago.
The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
Their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday.
Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby.
Floyd Mayweather has invited Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquiao was announced.
He pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by Chef Q.
Broner took to Instagram to show off the food on show.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation.
The $80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral after he posted it online.
The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
Mr Meldik, 31, cried and screamed as he tried to free himself, before he eventually ripped himself off the chair.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army.
But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.
Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'
The senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to Mr Abbott's stance on same-sex marriage.
Christopher Marinello, 53, has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art.
He is representing the heirs of Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand.
The reclusive eccentric died in May last year and left the collection dubbed the 'greatest find of the post-war era' to Kunstmuseum Bern.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the French Alps.
He got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff.
It is thought he entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester.
He hid, asking when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?'
He has been banned from the area nearby for five years.
Hall has 45 offences on record for dishonesty, violence and breaches.
Charmain Speirs was allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana.
Hotel staff found her face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days.
Husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder.
Colin Bloomfield, 33, died at a hospice in Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
He worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and commentator.
Friends have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional'
One Direction star Niall Horan described Bloomfield as a'super great guy'
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, is one of Britain's most successful models.
Has been modelling for a year but has built lucrative full-time career.
Moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
Justin Welby will say 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses'
Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings.
Three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in attack in north-east of Kenya.
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal.
But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point.
Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana.
They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions.
Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes.
Jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks they have carried across the Turkish border into Syria.
Would-be fighters are bringing items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq.
Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912.
Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party.
The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition, wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of Beardmore Glacier.
Oscar has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
The Chelsea forward also scored in Brazil's 3-1 victory against France.
Oscar took to his Instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets.
Daisy, 26, was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
The IT girl has been busy partying at Coachella with her famous friends.
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone.
But as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's clash with Aston Villa.
Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem, but Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury.
Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch.
On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous customized black van.
Former British premier made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month.
He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition.
There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region which has £1.2 billion gold reserves.
It is dotted with the burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
Washington couple's three-year-old son had complained of someone talking to him at night.
They put it down to his over-active imagination.
One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'
After the first creepy message, the boy's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying, 'Look someone's coming' or 'Someone's coming into view'
The stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the
Samsung has teased its next-generation wearable.
Simply referred to as 'the next Gear', images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type'
Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Florida mom Kristina Bewly started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since.
Giselle visits the park every month and wears a different whimsical outfit every time.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet wives and partners of SAS members.
Jimmy Choo, who is the tourism ambassador for Malaysia, is currently in the West Australian city to host his first ever Australian masterclass.
The pair crossed paths at popular Japanese restaurant Nobu, in Perth's Crown Casino, where Choo was a special guest at a luncheon.
Greece's government has proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions.
UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football.
Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece.
A road rage incident caught on camera shows a man brutally beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland.
The aggressor is seen on video as he punches, kicks and punches the old man.
Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, eventually got out of his car to try and stop the fighting.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper.
He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department.
The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant.
After counting the money at the station, the officer returned to the restaurant to give it back to him - and to take a picture showing him
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Baby April was found in disabled toilets at Silcock's Amusement Arcade, Southport.
She was just hours old when she was discovered by staff at the arcade.
Police have traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
Baby was taken to Ormskirk Hospital where she is being cared for by staff.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities.
Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty.
Experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body.
In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover.
The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in Hwangnam-dong, a neighbourhood of Gyeongju City in South Korea.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.
They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.
A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight.
The core they hope to retrieve will allow them to look back in time 10 million to 15 million years into the past.
It could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater - and if it killed off the dinosaurs.
President Obama met Usain Bolt on Thursday during a town hall meeting in Kingston, Jamaica.
Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'
He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fuzhou, China.
Mr Song climbed out of the passenger door and went to stand behind the car.
But his wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down and knocking him to the ground.
CCTV footage then shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as passers-by rushed over to hold the couple.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to the ground at Santa Rita Jail.
She was booked for resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014.
Surveillance footage shows her being grabbed by two officers and being taken to the.
ground head first. She lost consciousness, suffered four broken cheek bones, a split molar and a cracked front tooth, according to police report.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath.
Experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
Pictures show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
Savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis.
U.S.-led forces targeted ISIS with eight airstrikes in Iraq and conducted five airstrikes in Syria, the U.S. military said.
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.
But lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
Shelby still couldn't move after he was freed from the pit, so five people helped carry him to the road and saw that George had come back just in time.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained Mon Mome in 2009.
The ride on Monbeg Dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
Scores of Syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital Raqqa.
It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi PR machine would like the world to believe.
The pictures were posted on Twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise ahead of his side's Champions League encounter against Barcelona.
PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday night before facing the La Liga giants at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull engine problems will be resolved.
Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One last week.
Renault endured a Chinese Grand Prix to forget as Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.
The pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when Wylie came back with the bone, Brys asked him to take him to where he found it.
Scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter.
It appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass.
But without dark matter, our galaxies would ‘fall apart’ as they spin.
Supermarket chain alerted to possible fault in packs of Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ months after a customer complaint on Facebook.
The teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies, although luckily the baby was unharmed.
Customers are now asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an Asda store, where they will be given a full refund.
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset.
Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger.
Nicola Adams has pulled out of the English National Championships.
The Olympic gold medallist had been due to fight Lisa Whiteside.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in.
Under the new Scottish drink-drive law, the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg.
The effect of the drop in sales is so severe, it is being blamed for a poor result in the country's latest Bank of Scotland PMI report.
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, accused of string of fraud-related offences.
Accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception.
Jury at London's Southwark Crown Court heard money went towards legal costs.
Mote denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round.
The world No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal is looking to rediscover his best form ahead of the French Open.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.
He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath.
Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby.
She was confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at meetings.
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has launched an investigation.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Due to extreme poverty, the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Tim Sherwood says Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay at Aston Villa.
Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino.
Sherwood said he would 'absolutely' shake Levy's hand on Saturday.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old.
She was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.
The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table.
The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 with Stoke City in the last match.
Allardyce is out of contract at Upton Park in the summer.
Johanna Powell, 37, was on a cruise boat in the Mekong river in Laos.
The boat hit a rock in a stretch of rapids and sank 'within a minute'
The crew, tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - all swam to safety.
But Ms Powell, from Cardiff, disappeared in the strong current.
Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League.
The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season.
Benzema's Real Madrid team-mate James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Carlo Ancelotti ahead of Real's Champions League showdown with Atletico.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.
Hospital failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour.
She cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
His intellect has remained fairly well intact and he communicates through sophisticated eye-gaze equipment.
The High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries.
Chris Ramsey hails Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country.
QPR are 19th in the Barclay's Premier League table.
Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley when Reading beat Huddersfield in the third round of the FA Cup on Saturday.
The 10-year-old had said he hoped Arsenal beat Reading.
A poll in getreading revealed 85% of readers felt he should not lead Steve Clarke's side out.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in Dubrovnik in 2008.
Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18.
It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
State Coroner Ian Gray will officially close it at a hearing in Melbourne on Thursday.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.
Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
The answer was July 16.
For Albert to be 'certain' that Bernard doesn't know, Albert must have been given a month that
Park Crescent West, near Regents Park in London, was designed by Buckingham Palace architect John Nash in the early 19th century.
Developer PCW Property Holdings has submitted fresh plans to demolish the Grade I listed crescent and rebuild it as apartments.
Residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Veteran peer Lord Janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence'
Janner was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time.
He was made a life peer on his retirement from the Commons in recognition of his achievements in public life.
Hobart International Airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS.
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday.
'There were no threats made towards the Hobart Airport or flight operations to and from the airport,' police said.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old Peter Weber Jr., it's been revealed.
Weber has said he flies 'at least twice a month'
He also still has his driver's license.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004.
Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton.
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet was left behaving strangely.
Four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs.
But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26.
She was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her.
Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race.
Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn Rovers.
Robbie Savage labelled the striker 'pathetic' for missing the game.
Balotelli responded by posting a picture of himself holding a thermometer reading 38.7 Celsius — 1.7C above 'normal' body temperature.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals.
They were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution.
He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle if he starts the remaining seven matches of the campaign.
Gutierrez was the only player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
The Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness.
Camilla Parker-Bowles was the most hated woman in Britain 10 years ago.
But 10 years on, things are looking very different for the 67-year-old royal.
She has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family, adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the Queen.
Her success is due, in no small part, to her 'charm and charisma'
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties.
A high heel can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches)
The interchangeable heels come in all widths, from chunky and secure, to a stylish stiletto, and in a large array of prints.
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm.
Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday when England take on the West Indies at the Antiguan ground that bears Richards' name.
Four wickets in the game would take him past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets.
Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move away from the Britannia Stadium.
The 27-year-old Bosnia international has been one of the Premier League's most consistent keepers.
Mark Hughes has played down the latest reports of the goalkeeper leaving the club.
Potters boss Hughes is hopeful of signing Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence.
Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play.
Sam Tomkins returns to Wigan from New Zealand Warriors.
James Corden posted a picture with David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr.
The pair were pictured in America with the 36-year-old comedian.
Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on Corden's Late Late Show last month.
The positions will be based at Microsoft's Redmond campus in Washington.
Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit.
Smith wrote on the blog: 'It's simple, Microsoft is stronger when we expand opportunity and we have a diverse workforce that represents our customers'
Gao Yu, 71, was jailed for seven years for leaking a government document.
It warned against the 'dangers' of press freedom to a Hong Kong media outlet.
Gao was named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000.
She is known for her outspoken support for democracy and press freedom.
Austin West, 4, drowned in a pool April 6 while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard of his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina.
His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson's final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying his name on the site.
The fake fundraisers have since been deleted from the site, but West says the family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need of donations.
Dominique Granier sparked outrage after suggesting service for Roma.
He said the smell accompanied the Roma was a'sanitation risk'
But bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of route.
Text message intended for senior aide to George Osborne divulged plans.
Details are unclear, but it is thought minimum wage earners would be exempt from paying any income tax.
Minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour.
Ed Miliband yesterday pledged to help low earners by raising level above £8 an hour by October 2019.
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago.
They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era.
Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife.
Doody is charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map.
It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky.
The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland show students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
At the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
The study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world.
Kim Rose, 57, is standing in a key marginal seat in Southampton Itchen.
Alleged to have bribed voters by putting on a spread at a party event.
But he was never arrested or charged and questioned over alleged crime.
He has now criticised the 'absolutely ridiculous' police investigation and says it could help him win his seat.
Mr Rose, a jeweller, poked fun at the accusations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes.
Damon Albarn has criticised modern pop stars for 'talking platitudes'
He said they could be using their music to make political statements.
The 47-year-old said modern pop artists are in a'selfie generation'
Blur released their first album in years this month.
Boy, 14, from Blackburn, Lancashire, remanded in custody after appearing in court.
He is alleged to have incited Sevdet Besim, 18, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer during an Anzac Day ceremony in Melbourne, Australia.
Besim was arrested by Australian police after Greater Manchester Police revealed the extent of communications between the pair.
The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer.
Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two.
Stuart Broad bowled beyond 90 miles per hour for the first time since returning from knee surgery.
LaKenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Lousiana, drove the children to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop.
It was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh.
Hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, shot to fame after winning the Miss BumBum contest in 2014.
She accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
The photo attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'
The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit.
Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012.
She suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body.
Doctors have reconstructed her face, arms and torso over the past three years.
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform.
She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
Captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him.
Air India insists altercation was limited to verbal argument and there was no physical violence.
Damian Lewis says redhead stock is'very high' at the moment.
Prince Harry, Ed Sheeran, Julianne Moore, Lily Cole are all redheads.
Julianne Moore has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds to do the same.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike.
He was arrested more than 500 miles away on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted to the killing.
Stancil confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement, saying he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth'
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light.
She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world'
The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid.
Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker.
Hernandez has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football this season.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview.
The Whole Pantry founder said: 'None of it was true'
The interview will be published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
Gibson's business empire was destroyed and her online community in tatters.
She said she feared for her family's safety and was not seeking forgiveness.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year.
She worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble'
The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room.
Robinson is hoping to use an insanity defense, claiming she was 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' and suffers from mental illness.
The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-
The monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park.
Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure.
She eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
The Academy Award-winning actor and director asked that information be withheld from a PBS show about his family history.
After appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out.
This enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook, while also explaining his reasons for his decision.
Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since January.
The Latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
Francis Pusok, 30, was believed to have stolen horse on Thursday afternoon.
Two deputies caught up with him on foot after he fell off the horse.
They stun him again, and again, before launching over to kick him.
By the end of the two minutes, eight deputies were surrounding and beating him.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the bear cub since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago.
The family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family’s home in Tulun, in Russia's Irkutsk region.
Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother.
He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry.
He says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to Britain's Sunday Times.
He has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
Bloomberg has significant business interests in the city.
His financial information company has offices there, while he owns a $30million mansion.
In the past he has described London as his'second home'
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that blocked her airways.
Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma.
Haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
If left untreated, they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth.
He said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the FBI - but now we may never know what happened.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, all appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
They were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a Canadian naval base for the next few years.
Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant.
As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, he says.
Dalton pleaded: 'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be the end of our love story
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
The club sold forward Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million transfer fee.
Spurs' best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield.
Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.
The decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor.
Velez lost out on a penalty and a man advantage.
Robbie McNamara was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
McNamara suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from Bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day.
The jockey remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin and despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time on Tuesday.
Killer pilot Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name 'Skydevil', it has emerged.
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'
European regulators warned Germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups.
Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Mario Mandzukic was a bloody hero and had to be bandaged up.
According to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was 'notoo angry' to write it all down in one sitting.
Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine.
He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz, has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world.
The eatery is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant.
It features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, has had her dreams shattered.
Teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia.
The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen.
Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone.
Hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it.
The phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
He is now being treated in Ping Mei Group Hospital and is expected to need several operations to repair the damage.
Eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C yesterday.
Mother grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help.
Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London - making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata on Friday.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder.
Sachin Tendulkar, the highest runscorer in Test and ODI history, was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
Says she was bedridden for five months and thought she was dying.
Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask actor Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past.
After questioning the 50-year-old actor as to whether he had managed to fight his demons the actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview.
Naomi Campbell, Robert Pattinson and Peter Andre have all cut their chat time short.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam has dominated the agenda for weeks.
Garcia finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in jeans.
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse.
No one was hurt and the extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury.
Gomis suffered the injury during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
The Frenchman has been spending time with his family in Lyon.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg.
Male pilot killed, three passengers seriously injured, police said.
Cause of crash is yet unclear, and police are expected to launch investigation.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards.
The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'
It has since been popularized by the horror movie The Omen.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts.
Broad had complained about the state of the Warner Park crease.
The groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery Broad slipped and went crashing to the ground.
For the new One Beautiful Thought ad campaign, Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.
The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove.
Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
North Yorkshire police confirmed the men - all aged in their 50s and from York area - were arrested this morning.
The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found.
Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days.
Sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, a study found.
The study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden between 1973 and 2009.
It found that in only 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors.
This can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that siblings would have experienced together.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his car.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured.
Mrs Mayhew began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
She rushed home to find the father-of-five trapped under the car.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday.
The 25-year-old finished 12 under par to claim his second European Tour title.
Overnight leader Li Hao-tong finished a shot outside the play-off after missing from long range for birdie on the 18th.
Filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia the video shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide.
The man squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down.
As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it.
Frances Clarkson, 53, showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini.
She was enjoying a family break in Barbados on the Easter Bank Holiday.
The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
Frances has two daughters and a son with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
But the pair are said to have lived apart for years.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie.
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar.
The Barcelona centre back said he has never seen a relationship like theirs.
Pique also took a swipe at Cristiano Ronaldo's relationship with Gareth Bale.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind.
The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Kseniya Soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father.
Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
One ship even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'
At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.
Ministry of Defence confirmed strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea.
Luke Shambrook has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park.
He may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide, according to his family.
The 11-year-old was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren said Thursday that she doesn't believe convicted Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death.
The 21-year-old was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line.
'Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' Warren said.
Tsarnaev's lead defense attorney, Judy Clarke, specializes in death penalty cases and has spared several of her notorious killer clients from execution.
Peter Tarsey and his wife Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on Sunday.
They were found covered in a green raincoat, each with a single bullet.
Friends went to the couple's villa in Xalo, near Benidorm, on Sunday afternoon.
Ann, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said: 'I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there'
'They were in each other's arms like he was protecting her. I really don't want to think about it,' she said.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week.
The 27-year-old has been entrusted with planning the pair's wedding.
Murray has admitted he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day.
He has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions.
England football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day challenge.
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion.
Chelsea defender Gary Cahill seemed more concerned by wearing an oversized shirt.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side are now 17th in the Premier League table.
Leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive match.
Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester's player of the season.
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945.
Brent Council has refused to increase funding for a live-in carer.
Mr Clark could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage.
But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's.
He had been battling plans for a traveller camp near their home.
In August he shot her dead before turning the gun on himself.
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her.
Even though the kit showed traces of semen, the sheriff's deputies did not collect a blood sample from Patrick Morrison and left him walking the streets.
The rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback was seen at a Texas Rangers game on Tuesday night.
This as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20.
Miniature Space, a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm, has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food.
Cooked on tiny hobs and mini pans, the viewer only sees the hand of the chef as they chop, dice, boil and fry various ingredients.
The original 1959 Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia on Saturday April 11.
Customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
The dolls will be on sale for $34.95 thereafter.
Pippa Middleton said to have been buying up mull-cloth nappies in Geneva.
At £4 each, they are not cheap and are yet to catch on in the UK.
But they are all the rage in Europe and Pippa may have learned of their merits.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
Inverness defender was cleared to play on May 30 after ban was dismissed.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea for £32million in 2012, an amount Arsenal could not afford to pay.
Hazard's agent discussed terms with Arsene Wenger in the Arsenal manager's house.
But the Frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with Chelsea.
Wenger insists that his forward Alexis Sanchez will run Hazard close in the Player of the Year race.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar.
Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson uploaded a picture to Facebook yesterday in celebration of his birthday with this message: 'But really. I thank you Lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday'
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview.
'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she said.
The 'tragedy' of California, Fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia,' and still 'liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir'
'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' she added.
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, a Milan court heard.
They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed.
The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged.
Wayne Rooney hails Marouane Fellaini as one of the best in world football.
Fellaini has emerged as a potent attacking weapon under Louis van Gaal.
The Belgian has been instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
Tory leader sets out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created.
He said recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just 'on the screens of the traders in the City of London'
Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak.
Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets.
The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday.
Crowds across the country cheered for President Obama as he made multiple stops and became the American president to.
visit the island nation since.
President Obama is off for another historic meeting there, this time with Cuba's President Raul Castro.
Obama signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway.
Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived.
Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic.
It then smashed, head-on, into a car coming the other way.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown, Ohio, on Monday.
Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of raping her.
Seman, 46, was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire.
Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate.
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen.
He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’
He argues that some intellectuals who condemned the drawings were merely attention-seekers.
James Freedman has been giving pickpocket demonstrations for years.
He has also advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the 'art' to actors.
Freedman, 49, describes himself as 'the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet'
Man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in Gniezno in February.
He claims he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.
Polish police have released pictures and information in the hope of identifying him.
Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him.
The 52-year-old is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania.
He spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill.
In January last year he was admitted to Broadmoor on health grounds.
But by June his condition had improved and he was returned to Belmarsh Prison.
European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 copies in one month.
Enchanted Forest reached number one on the UK Amazon book chart at the start of April.
The two books took first and second place on Amazon’s bestsellers list for the US.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild.
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal's 4-1 win over Liverpool.
Redknapp claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused.
The 68-year-old is currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers.
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters with an 18-under total.
The 21-year-old admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket.
Spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care.
Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house.
Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters UberPartnerKen into their app when requesting a car before Monday.
This is all thanks to the work
Statue of Lucille Ball in Celoron, New York, sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed Scary Lucy.
Now the sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue has pledged to make a new one for free.
A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and crude carvings.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near her home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW.
The 26-year-old was set to wed her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Easter Sunday.
Her body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday April 10.
Ms Scott's father, Robert, was among those gathered at a memorial service for her at Mountford Park, Leeton on Saturday.
California is in its fourth year of severe drought.
Almonds are consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water annually.
This is a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39 million Californians.
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal structure.
The copper material inside Cell 1 melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused molten material to stream from the vent.
This is the first time the failure of lithium ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded.
It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications.
Photographs taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors.
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through, no selfie sticks and no smog in sight.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
The final decision will be made by senior officials.
The proposed collaboration of the two cable television companies drew criticism from Comcast competitors and groups that oppose media consolidation.
Tom Schweich shot himself in the head at his home in St Louis on February 26, according to new police reports on the Republican gubernatorial candidate's death released Tuesday.
Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself.
Police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.
New police reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed.
But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to Facebook on February 13.
The 31-year-old held up staff at the King's Lynn branch of Tesco.
A member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife.
Hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but was quickly arrested.
He was found in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash.
Sentenced to four years in prison for armed robbery today.
Janek Zylinski, son of Polish war hero who fought Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader.
Brandishing his sword, he said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel'
The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
Study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure.
Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment after allegedly dangling her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo.
Witnesses say Schwab jumped in to retrieve the boy from the compound at 3pm on Saturday.
The animals appeared to ignore the boy, witnesses say.
Schwab faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Nordic country has tightened up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.
Reanne Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday.
Evans lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals.
Yee went on to defeat England's Emma Bonney 6-2 in the final.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season.
The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries.
He returned to action from his latest setback earlier this month.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern China's Fujian province.
Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March.
Chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb' as the truck ran over her.
On Saturday, Pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly - about a month after his real birthday of March 18 - in
James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday.
Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
He said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes.
It topped the poll last year as well as four years ago was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune.
Dmitri Kovtun is wanted for the murder of Alexander Litvinenko.
The former KGB agent insists he was not involved in the dissident's death.
But he has agreed to give evidence at the public inquiry into his death.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, on Thursday.
Wilcox, who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend, ran at Kidder.
Kidder, who had only been on his Ohio police force a year, refused to shoot him.
At one point Wilcox said: 'Shoot me or I'll shoot you', but Kidder refused.
Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched.
Kolo Toure says Raheem Sterling could end up on the scrapheap at a big club.
Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair at Manchester City.
Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Chelsea and Manchester City are also keen on English football's hottest property.
The Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912.
It is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved, having been owned by a British collector for the past 15 years.
The ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Neanderthals vanished from the Earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa.
They used computer model the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were.
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month.
Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes.
Darren and Deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters.
The 19-year-old is being tipped for big things by Rory McIlroy.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust.
Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto.
The incident took place in a nightclub toilet during a night out in Bradford.
She has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for the 'unprovoked' attack.
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round.
The 21-year-old came close to creating history at the Masters last year.
Spieth finished joint second with Sweden's Jonas Blixt.
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun.
In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form.
Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona, and they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1 billion.
Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland.
Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million in two decades.
Tories have promised to lift threshold if they are returned to power.
But Balls refused to rule out freezing or lowering threshold to raise money.
He said: 'I have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful, and staged and balanced way'
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare condition.
It left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet.
He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.
They included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull.
Also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
But he pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years.
Lib Dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'
He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability.
Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
He sought to make case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or the Conservatives.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You.
It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg)
On the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27kg)
Prince Harry will not be able to meet the new royal baby until May.
Harry will be bumped down to fifth in line of succession by the new arrival.
He had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon.
But he is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army, followed by a week long official tour of New Zealand.
Margaret Bates, 60, is unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith.
Smith, who was then 49, got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes.
Mrs Bates said: 'I wish I’d killed him the first time I saw him'
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited.
But he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous'
Ukip’s manifesto chief said the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’
Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
It will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families.
Villagers in Cledford, near Middlewich, have vehemently opposed the plans.
They say travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners and ruin the idyllic surroundings.
The mansion's Grade-II listed adjoining barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden will also be provided.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne.
They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer.
Tevez is under contract at the club until the end of next season.
The former Manchester United, Manchester City and West Ham striker has always said he hopes to finish his career at Boca Juniors in Argentina.
UEFA have charged Pep Guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer’s World Cup.
Argentine Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July.
Guardiola wore the top - which read ‘#JusticiaParaTopo’ - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League.
A white powdery substance was sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down.
A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police.
The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday.
The countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's execution.
Many are still holding out a glimmer of hope and calling for mercy during nation-wide vigils.
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive'
Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo.
But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer.
The Colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury.
United will have to pay £46million to make the move permanent.
Paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’
Fiorentina lost 1-0 to Hellas Verona in the Europa League on Monday.
Mounir Obbadi scored the winning goal after Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty for the home side.
The defeat leaves Fiore in sixth place on 49 points from 31 games.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother.
The TV presenter has been in a relationship with Frank Lampard for fiver years.
She says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out process'
The 36-year-old says there are no current plans to have babies due to busy career schedules and a possible move to New York.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the inferno.
His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs'
Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre, who was fired on Sunday.
McIntyre called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes.
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
Scientists believe these fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve into primitive life.
The study, by the University of Milan and University of Colorado Boulder, is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure.
Liverpool travel to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the game.
The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Manchester United.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in Shanghai.
Rosberg missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in qualifying.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title when they face their nearest challengers on May 11.
Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrate on their patch.
Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year on Thursday.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months.
Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird, as hoards of twitchers flock to the town hoping to catch a sighting.
Thiago Alcantara opened the scoring for Bayern Munich on 14 minutes.
Thomas Muller doubled Bayern's lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining.
Robert Lewandowski made it a hat-trick of Bayern headers on 27 minutes as the Bavarians raced away.
Xabi Alonso scored his side's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go.
New master plan to be implemented between 2015 and 2019.
Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre.
There will be three different routes through the site.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night.
He stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five.
As Gasol walked away the delighted boy clutched his Grizzlies jacket to his chest as the biggest smile spread across his face.
An investigator has blamed sexism, including pornography sold at base stores, for the attitudes that led to Army members joining British bikini models for a photo shoot.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015.
Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device.
Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row.
The boy, who is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang, pleaded guilty.
Boy, who cannot be named, pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry.
He became enraged when Mr Barry would not let him and his friends into block.
Mr Barry was stabbed twice in the chest outside his home in Edmonton, north London.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren.
The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock.
Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ‘Freddy’ after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.
In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
Researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs.
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph.
Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq.
The trio of teenage suicide bombers come after another teenager was shown in a video criticising the West before he carried out a suicide bomb attack.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, adopted 40 children over 26 years.
The couple found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989.
They gradually took more and more disabled children into their home.
Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
The older brother of comedienne Mindy Kaling says he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
He doesn't mention if he applied to the same schools at the same time as an Indian-American man.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Premier League.
United currently sit eight points behind leaders Chelsea.
Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable.
Victory over Aston Villa would put some pressure on Manchester City.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect.
But they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.
There is a growing sense that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June.
Studies that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs.
They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards'
About 68,800 people serve in the command, including 3,000 civilians.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe.
In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere.
The supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense' region.
At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found.
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Jonny May has lost his England starting place to Jack Nowell.
The 25-year-old will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday.
David Humphreys' men take on Edinburgh in the final of the European Challenge Cup.
Tom Lineham scored a hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8.
The winger scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month.
Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California.
The listing describes the property as'meticulously maintained', 'grand', 'gracious', and 'elegant'
Would-be buyers could inherit a wood-paneled library, three-car garage, outdoor dining room and even a solarium.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time.
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London as the men.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction.
Participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
The Festival of the Steel Phallus is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine.
Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family of Remington 'Remi' Walden a 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle.
Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
The verdict came nearly two years after Chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model Jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department.
The department's first chief of police, William Devery, was known as the king of kickbacks.
Devery had to give a backhander just to get into the force, and was never shy about trading dollars for ranks.
At the helm of the NYPD from 1934-45 was Lewis Valentine, a stalwart of the force for more than 30 years.
Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching spectator's barriers at London Marathon.
The 23-year-old carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist.
He then lunges into another stretch and reveals the ring box.
His girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris, stands back in shock as Jordan beams up at her.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday.
The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett's eccentricity.
EU rules on organic farming require fish to be treated with homeopathic remedies.
First line of treatment for organic fish should be'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution'
British and Norwegian vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate'
Norwegian Veterinary Association says use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Queen Letizia, 42, made an appearance at the Woman Awards held at Madrid Casino.
She wore a backless sequinned cocktail dress with a sharply defined back.
The mother-of-two also unveiled a sharp new bob haircut.
Vaccine is designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells.
It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP.
TARP is found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit.
Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Hetrick is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
John Caudwell, 62, bought Broughton Hall in Staffordshire for £800,000 in 2006.
He says visitors have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them.
Billionaire believes the ghostly goings-on are caused by the spirit of a boy.
The boy was shot by a soldier loyal to Cromwell during the English Civil War.
Tonya Stack allegedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle.
Boyle claims Stack 'flipped me the bird' as soon as she spotted him.
He claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014, when tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland.
Tim, who broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface.
Just a week later, as Tim started trying to rebuild his life, he was informed he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage.
Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million.
It has already been pushed back until after the election.
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England.
The majority have been ordinary at best.
Carrick played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall.
Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings, East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Mark Hughes believes Bale should stay at the Bernabeu.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate.
They are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen.
The UK beauty industryemploys more a million people and is worth £17 bn.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday.
The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and Elaine Paige will perform at event.
It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War.
Other stars include boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia and Pixie Lott.
Aden Gould, 21, was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury's stores across the country.
He was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket in Stoke-on-Trent.
The giant firm sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter.
Isa Richardson, 46, is a well-known character in Maidstone, Kent.
She has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences.
Richardson was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season.
The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign.
Rangers are second in the Scottish Championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot.
Vegetarian meatballs will go global in April and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than a normal meatball.
Swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety.
Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
He also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and The Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah, 31, would be taking over.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two from Dudley, West Midlands.
He joined ISIS in Syria last year as an explosives expert and sniper.
Has shared images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory in Syria.
Tariq has methodically arranged room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their function.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
They note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
Stoke City host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday (5.30pm)
The Potters have won their last visit to the Londoners' ground in 1995.
The Blues have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season.
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry.
The 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the FA last month.
Labadie pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday.
Of 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three investigated.
Only three investigated for roles as accomplices to mass murder.
Charlotte S, now 94, was SS guard in Ravensbrueck and Auschwitz.
Gisela S, a 'hard-faced' woman, worked in the feared SS under her maiden name.
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.
Tory leader, wearing notably clean new work boots, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
He used the launch of the Conservative party manifesto yesterday to promise voters'security at every stage of your life'
Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic.
The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday.
Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend.
Bath, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded, with strong squads.
But their resources are modest compared to French powerhouses Toulon, Clermont and Racing.
Holidaymakers had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from the wooden trebuchet – the largest working siege machine in the world.
But sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse, causing it to erupt into flames.
The thatched building, which overlooks the River Avon within the castle grounds in Warwickshire, was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday.
Warwick Castle confirmed the incident and said the attraction remains open and unaffected by the fire.
Ted Koran, 59, said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time on Saturday night.
The only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife Karen had looked after together.
Ted's wife Karen passed away from cancer six months ago and he wanted someone to talk to.
After national attention, Ted claims he was phoned by the VA who wanted to speak to him.
Monopoly-makers planning a special Exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road.
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill more expensive slots.
But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao take on each other in Las Vegas on May 2.
The American holds an open workout for the media on Tuesday.
Click here for all the latest boxing news.
A vast sea of pilgrims have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Mr Abbott said the troops became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of modern Australia'
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series.
The 33-year-old scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test.
England failed to see out the win at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's eight matches this season.
The Welshman has missed out on just eight starts in 50 games this term.
But Real have a 100 per cent win record when he has been away, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal.
Bale's time on the sidelines has coincided with huge matches against Barcelona, two Champions League ties with Liverpool and a 3-0 Champions League victory against Liverpool.
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort.
Manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m)
Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California.
It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'
Aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity.
The battery is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries, and can't catch fire like lithium-ion technology.
Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the campaign trail.
He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed'
Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist'
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga.
Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material.
He has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother.
Glover was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center, leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death.
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter.
Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago.
The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's recent post-match comments.
The Falkirk boss did placatory – ‘I have a lot of respect for Peter and what he’s done’ – and followed it with accusatory.
Stubbs said: ‘My comments are never made to disrespect people. I honestly thought, with our performance, that we played well enough to be in the final. I don’t see anything that is wrong with that'
Amir Khan wants to fight Kell Brook within the next 12 months.
The 28-year-old defeated Jo Jo Dan to retain his IBF welterweight title.
Khan has rejected a £5million fight with Chris Algieri next month.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes.
She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with Daniel Williams.
He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the 9th minute.
Philippe Coutinho doubled the Reds' lead in the 71st minute at Anfield.
Sterling's first touch was perfect but then we expect that in the Premier League these days.
Cleopatra was known for her love of perfume, liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality.
Aston Villa host QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night.
Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone.
But they will return to the bottom three if QPR win.
Tim Sherwood has labelled the game the club's 'biggest game' for years.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby.
Franco Di Santo scored the winner in the 84th minute.
Hamburg's Valon Behrami was sent off for bringing down Zlatko Junuzovic.
Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter.
Men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
Perkins tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they'd like to see me burn to death'
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old.
Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital.
The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding.
Three-and-a-half-year-old Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones.
His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet.
Aryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a Ybor City bar on February 12 after a night of partying.
After a widespread search, the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in Brandon, just a few blocks from her house.
Autopsy results show Foster's blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, as well as THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions.
Altogether, they donated nearly 15 percent of their income.
The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out.
Baltimore Police Department may have modified the vehicle to fit their fleet.
The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment.
The 19-year-old defender has made his international debut for Belgium.
Denayer remains non-committal on the prospect of an extended loan deal.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their Facebook accounts.
Trend comes as older users turn to social network to stay in touch.
Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account.
Charlie Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked.
The 6-year-old was pipped to the post by Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood.
Sherwood wrote Pye a letter congratulating him on his credentials.
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal with Munster.
Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues.
Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park.
Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched an impressive $173,000.
Other items included Indian miniatures, a Japanese portable brass tea set and a marble table inscribed with 'in the name of Allah' in Arabic calligraphy.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982.
He would meet and photograph prostitutes as they came in for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets.
His amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see from the bar.
The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics who mingled together.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss.
Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.
Officers carried out inspections where they found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination.
Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.
The 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett’s Wanderers.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
Jess, 29, is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign.
The resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces.
Jess says it is a real thrill to have worked with the brand.
Topshop and Topman is set to open a second store in Westfield Miranda.
The brand will pull out all stops, chauffeuring fashion influencers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event.
A breakfast will be hosted by Australian beauty and Next Top Model judge Cheyenne Tozzi.
Al Sharpton denies family asked him to stay away from Walter Scott's funeral.
Claims that they wanted him to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' is 'bogus'
He will preach and attend a vigil on Sunday, the day after the funeral.
Around 650 foreign entrants joined in today's event under constant watch of soldiers.
The event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country, which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un.
Last year Will Marks, the British man who won the amateur half marathon category, revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Photography was also forbidden, but many runners flouted the rule.
The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday.
Ms Wong, 46, shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning.
It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old England full-back says it is not a foregone conclusion that he will return to Wigan.
Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career.
Aljaz Bedene secured a British passport last month.
The 26-year-old cannot currently represent his new nation in the Davis Cup.
Greg Rusedski has backed Bedene's bid to overturn the ITF ruling.
Millionaire people traffickers heard mocking migrant boat disasters.
One of them, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, also known as The General, was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships.
He is said to have boasted: 'They say I put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry'
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was arrested Saturday afternoon after allegedly walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road.
She initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail.
Once she was subdued and placed in the police car, officers found white residue on her teeth and a three-inch scratch mark in the paint of the trunk.
Enroute to York County Jail, Grant bit the upholstery, tearing the material, causing $500
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest.
His old diet consisted of six bags of crisps and two bottles of Coca-Cola a day.
But he decided to take action and ditched the takeaways in favour of a healthy meal plan.
He now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday.
They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group.
The six, whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for Hibernian.
Hibs are now three points clear of Hearts in the Championship.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama.
A pro-life group put his photo in an ad in an effort to promote his story.
Facebook has since reversed its decision after public protest.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA.
It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 and any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch on 21 April.
Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99 - which is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model.
According to a new study, for 54 per cent of single women, the best part about being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed.
But for Aussie blokes, 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat.
While more than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life, women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'Mr Right'
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent.
The 19-year-old Barcelona B winger is turning down a new deal.
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
The Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool.
It housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences.
But the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls.
The exercise yard has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space.
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016.
Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes Guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money.
Kamron T. Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Taylor, 23, is considered armed and dangerous, the sheriff said.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow.
The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler's Cabin.
McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with Islamic State.
The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio.
Tributes to the young man flooded social media.
He reportedly fled to Syria with his friend, former La Trobe University student Yusuf Yusuf, to join the terror group.
Islamic State has been heavily recruiting young Australians to come to the Middle East via online videos.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32.
She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months.
Now weighs 8st 9lbs and is very slim for her 5tf 7in height.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir.
When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground.
He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram.
The Manchester United star's birthday was in March.
Blind has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal's side this season.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September.
Former Sainsbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.
Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime.
Coupe travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction, which dates back to a time when he didn't work at the firm.
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were'surviving' now that they have time to process their son's death.
Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh.
In February, Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams.
Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition within a decade of being diagnosed.
RBD is not curable, but it can be treated with high doses of sleep aid or low doses of the anti-anxiety drug clonazepam.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad.
The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa.
Young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance.
Former player-manager of Salford City was forced to hand over his licence.
Giggs said the offence on October 14 last year 'wasn't intentional'
He was then banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend.
The avid angler spent the next three hours trying to reel the beast in.
He said the catch was a 'once in a lifetime opportunity'
The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30.
Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - allowing the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip.
Arsenal won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.
A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father, Mervyn, back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken.
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42.
Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and often used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon.
It was upgraded Tuesday to a super typhoon with winds of 150mph.
Residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours.
Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston.
For Saturday, the Weather Channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff in the FA Cup semi-final.
Conor McAleny scored a late equaliser for the Championship side.
Reading face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half.
Ander Herrera was penalised for diving late on.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
There have been calls for Mr Johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as party seeks to break away from Labour.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed reception when he was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle on Thursday.
The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out.
Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in their Tyne/Wear derby.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season.
The 23-year-old has activated a clause in his contract at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Business leaders have voiced their fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign'
They believe the campaign has been too focussed on 'personal attacks'
Ed Miliband is now the bookies' favourite to be the next prime minister.
But Cameron's advisers have the same fear and have called on campaigners to change tack.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him.
The woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards.
Miss Witt said she was formerly associated with Feminist activist group Femen.
But the organisation claimed responsibility for the demonstration.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months, police said.
The search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in Flat Rock, Michigan.
Miss Bruck was last seen dressed as Batman villain Poison Ivy at a Halloween party on October 25 attended by around 800 people.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final.
The Inverness defender was charged with deliberate handball.
Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given in 3-2 extra-time win.
He was subsequently cited for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport as he returned from Syria.
The 43-year-old fled the country in January with plans to join Kurdish militants.
In February Australian man Ashley Johnston became the first Westerner to be killed fighting against IS for the Kurdish People's Protection Unit.
The new dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane.
The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap.
It is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which were predominantly carnivorous.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz.
She was chosen to play to Julie, who died from putrid throat.
Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut.
Her mother said watching the scene brought tears to her eyes.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in straight sets to reach the final of the Miami Open on Friday night.
Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami and will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
Chelsea supporters are being invited to take part in a protest photo.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday.
More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
Sarah Thomas, 42, has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
The Baltimore Sun's Aaron Wilson broke the story, with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment.
Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
The recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend.
In the five-minute video, Hargrodve discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head.
Hargroves, who also featured prominently in the CNN documentary Blackfish, says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message.
The video's release also caused one San Diego bookstore
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday.
Her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road, which in the NSW Hunter Region.
She had insisted on making a 'quick trip' into town after two days without power and with limited food supplies.
The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the Hunter region.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller magazine.
The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
Visits to Ireland from Great Britain increased by 11.3 per cent, with an extra 178,200 visitors on 2013.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19'
They started arguing over 'infidelity' in bedroom of St Paul apartment.
Carried couple's three-month-old child, he then shot Miss White in face at close range.
Now, Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder, police said.
He has admitted to having stored gun under daughter's mattress in St Paul.
If convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison if convicted of murder.
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, is married to Silver's daughter Michelle.
Trebitsch allegedly lied to investors about stock losses and pocketed most of the money entrusted to him for trading.
Silver was arrested in January, on charges he took $4million in brides and kickbacks since at least 2000.
Rafa Benitez has yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli.
The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season.
It has been rumoured he could replace Manuel Pellegrini at the club.
High school students in north east China are being forced to eat everyday.
Teachers have banned packed lunches and erected barbed wire and metal sheeting.
Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years.
For the first time in 88 years the women’s race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.
Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge.
Audrey Hepburn's classic Moon River tops the chart for British parents.
A third of parents say they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their babies.
Ten per cent opt for pop tunes, while Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel comes second.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1.
Juan Mata completed his brace against Liverpool with a stunning volley.
The pair have been in scintillating form in recent games.
Princess Leonore, 32, looked disinterested during a visit to the Vatican.
She was accompanied by her mother, Princess Madeleine, 32.
The baby is expected to give birth this summer.
Prince Carl Philip will marry fiancee Sofia Hellqvist in Stockholm.
Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement.
She is able to sit but cannot walk, and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around.
Staff at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it online.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in a $300m mega-fight on May 2.
The Filipino says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to win.
Pacquiao says he knows what it will take to beat the undefeated American.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force.
The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker admitted his desire to see the best talent in the world at his club.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7.
The mother-of-two says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'
Ms Cox says she doesn't want anyone else to touch Alex or 'rub their smell on him' because it would interfere with his unique and special smell.
She says Alex has a smell that he's had since he was born and that she sniffs him 'all the time'
The Insight programme is based on research of modern families
Mark Jones, 45, is accused of killing his daughter Amelia Rose Jones, 41.
The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital.
Jones, of Cwmbran, denies murder at Newport Crown Court.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott after he had a vasectomy.
She’s now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout.
Jermain Defoe was the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy up challenge.
The former Tottenham striker set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
Defoe was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Katy, Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, Tuesday night.
Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the master bedroom, prompting their son to step in.
When the young man tried to intervene, the father allegedly pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back.
The suspect then jumped into his girlfriend's car and fled, but police tracked him down at a nearby Shell gas station.
Mark McCall watched his side battle in vain before losing 13-9 to Clermont.
The Saracens director of rugby praised his young guns after their latest European heartache.
McCall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean.
But doubters have questioned how Jordan seemed in such good shape.
Jordan declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder.
Joshua Smith, 16, was plucked from the water by RAF rescue helicopter.
He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Police have said that the teen's death is not being treated as suspicious.
Wilfried Zaha has admitted he felt 'worthless' during his two-year spell at Manchester United.
The 22-year-old winger was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013 from Crystal Palace for £10million.
Zaha made just four United appearances before playing out the second half of last season at Cardiff.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Ali spent much of his time against the ropes, inviting Foreman to punch himself out before landing his blow.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad for three-day warm-up against Oxford University.
The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after last year's Ashes.
Pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played'
Ronny Deila's Celtic take on Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with.
Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year.
But yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for customers this time last year.
It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receive a hard copy in the post.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers.
The firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors.
Recent releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners reached the final after beating the Royals 2-1.
Ian Wright said he doesn't like semi finals at Wembley.
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming.
Presenter has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from saying 'everyone's upset'
But he today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support.
Ms Rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show.
She said: 'It would be great if they said "let's get the old girl back to do the odd film for us'
The woman was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt on Saturday.
She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate'
She told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off' after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats.
Organiser Allan Turner said parents were a major problem at the event.
The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 to reach the Miami Open semi finals.
The Scot was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco.
Thiem lost in the second round of a Challenger event to soon-to-be new Brit Aljaz Bedene.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet.
It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013.
BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms.
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days.
The Met Office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steve Clarke's side were beaten by the Gunners in extra-time.
Reading boss Clarke won the cup with Chelsea in 1994.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was part of team that prosecuted dozens of camp guards.
He was responsible for convictions of several key Belsen figures, such as camp commander Josef Kramer and Dr Fritz Klein.
The late solicitor, who died in 2001, struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel in a Mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would 'face hardship' because of Barack Obama's reelection.
Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct.
But now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday when she crashed her luxury black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection.
Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies.
She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible'
Just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in Maryland.
Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault.
The woman escaped from the terror organisation's capital Raqqa in Syria.
She said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out alone.
They are also banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home.
Women are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them.
Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages.
On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Businesswoman and Apprentice judge helped David Cameron with his jacket.
She was appearing alongside Mr Cameron at National Grid training centre in Newark.
Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years, if the Tories win the election.
Hillary Clinton's family were from Ystradyfodwg, near Neath and Merthyr Tydfil, and now part of Rhondda in Wales.
Her great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in the village and supported her widowed mother.
Hannah Jones met Hugh Rodham, part of the Rodham family who had travelled to America two years earlier from Northumberland.
The pair eloped to Binghampton in New York to get married - a place akin to Gretna Green where people would often go to wed because regulations were less strict.
Melvin the giraffe was gored to death by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo.
The five-year-old giraffe had gotten his head stuck in the enclosure's fence.
Vets rushed to the scene but were unable to save the animal.
Portugal beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for the hosts.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline.
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy for a sweet snapshot, which she shared Monday on her Instagram account.
'Boogie boarding with my baby,' she captioned the image.
Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday.
But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding.
Police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Friends and family were flying in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral.
For days, the sisters of the missing bride-to-be posted desperate Facebook messages asking
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country.
It measures its success with a Gross National Happiness index.
Monastery is perched precipitously on a narrow ledge high above the Paro Valley.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved.
Jan Oblak was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Guardiola has been a top target for several European clubs.
The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
Christy, 46, suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11, in 2003.
She suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief.
The former supermodel, who's gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April, says she's feeling'stronger and healthier than ever'
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries.
But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
A former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his round.
The 49-year-old woman received a new combination of two drugs to treat skin cancer.
She was given ipilimumab and nivolumab without complaining of side effects.
When she returned to the hospital three weeks later, the huge mass underneath her left breast had 'disappeared', leaving a hole in the skin.
Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed her recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses' ever seen.
They hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs.
If Ramsey is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race.
Luke Shaw has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United.
The 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances in all competitions.
Shaw admits he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against Chelsea.
Louis van Gaal's side travel to boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday.
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit at Newcastle between 1998 and 1999.
Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson.
Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
The 30-year-old singer first shared the news with People Magazine in early April that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months -  because she was trying to recover from the disease.
Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
A graphic on NBC's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as 'Lauren'
The flub was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online.
Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan.
The word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering.
Shared the snap of her new bag on Instagram on Sunday.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh.
It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over 87-year-old's finances.
She later became carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer.
But grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020.
This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
David Cameron said the assessment showed Labour was 'a risk to our recovery' and a 'risk to our economy, a risk to jobs'
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997.
He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox club.
But Negri suffered a series of injuries including a reserve match against Aberdeen in 2000.
Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team.
Investigators have rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote Indonesian island.
They returned to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified.
Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
Employment agency Mainline is offering cash bonuses to Eastern European drivers.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the UK.
Company tried to lure lorry drivers from Cornwall to their base in Swindon.
But they were forced to look further afield when scheme failed.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career.
Former jockey Luke Harvey says McCoy has never been the big 'I am'
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ.
The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US.
Most of the differences were in tiny anatomical features, but one distinctive trait was that Apatosaurus has a wider neck than Brontosaurus.
They used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of 'diplodocid' dinosaurs - a group that included some of the longest animals that ever walked on the Earth.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time.
The bridge also connects a system to the wider world.
With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Jordan Rhodes added a second in injury time to make it 2-0.
Neil Harris' side are four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought.
Barcelona are through to the last eight of the Champions League.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts.
She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it, which is not.
But bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter suggested otherwise.
Ricci boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet in an upmarket Swiss ski resort.
Gabrielle Giffords, 44, walked with the help of a cane through LA airport.
The former U.S. representative survived an attempted assassination in 2011.
She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
They were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages.
The majority were kept in a squalid garden shed, court heard.
Pair jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands coast.
Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory.
Comes after Britain struck oil in remote field of the islands this week.
Find could increase fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off.
That’s more than half of the 50g of sugar the World Health Organisation recommends per day.
A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.
These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’
Mr Hendrick argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well.
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, who was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old.
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric.
The series was created by Diane English, who was behind Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor.
Couric will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes'
Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport.
One of the suspects is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus.
The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler.
Schacht's father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
The dispute comes after Peter Longerich drew on the diaries for a biography.
Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn.
The fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke.
Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely, and firefighters still do not know the cause.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials to outbreak.
Parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant found to carry illness.
Plague famously killed millions of Europeans during the Black Death.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral.
She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning, but it did not leave any permanent damage.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas.
But the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.
TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Marie Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.
She refused to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
The panel has been told she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria.
In March, an independent investigation into what happened at the hospital led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday.
His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.
The zoo plans to press child endangering charges on Monday.
Apple will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow.
Customers can pre-order their watch online starting at 12:01 a.m. PDT Friday.
They will start to ship on April 24.
The watch allows users to check email, listen to music and make phone calls.
Rachel Simpson, 15, has one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated.
The rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
This is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury.
The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November - which coincided with a marked improvement in the team's results.
Lucas was an unused substitute in the defeat by Manchester United immediately before the international break.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday lunchtime.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the league.
This fixture's first hat-trick hero was Robbie Fowler in 1994.
Thierry Henry scored a treble against Liverpool in 2004.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.
The dress, which is exclusively available on Tesco’s website, is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.
Aside from the lace bust, the dress is a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province.
He stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol.
She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
Her colleagues turned up to bring the man under control.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.
Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK.
Germany proved a more visited destination even than France and Italy.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's clash with Newcastle United.
Defender came off in the first half of Wednesday's FA Cup replay.
Striker Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness.
Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs.
Henrik Stenson of Sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu.
Rory McIlroy will impress us all if he completes his career Grand Slam.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Karim Benzema missed Real's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League second leg on Tuesday.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964.
But the council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes.
Mr Gee made the five-hour journey to the site every year to remember his father.
He paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor.
While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers' play-off push towards the Premiership.
The Northern Ireland international joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career.
Song has also played for Arsenal as well as representing Cameroon at international level.
The West Ham United midfielder has picked a mixture of talent in his squad.
Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying.
The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday.
Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad.
Seb Larsson is suspended for Sunderland's clash with Crystal Palace.
Sunderland have only scored more than twice in two Premier League games this season.
Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem.
Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history.
The employee wage bill ballooned to £9.1m last year.
Nigel Wray has restated that the salary cap must be scrapped.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban.
Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban against Premier League rivals Leicester.
Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
The pair often go to shows and museums in New York City, but relatives have filed a missing person report after Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break.
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind his Tory opponent.
Farage is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast.
If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage's political career.
He has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year.
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
Mr Whitesides was speaking at the annual Space Symposium in Colorado Springs.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to Yemen 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close.
She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home with her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, amid heavy shelling.
Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country, but Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired and the UK authorities in Yemen are closed.
They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return, and are terrified of dodging fighting to
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago.
In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year.
Bus ploughed into Boeing 777 at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan.
The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service.
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided.
Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman came off in the early stages of Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Lawrence Tynes is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail.
Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season.
The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly shot the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow believing it was feral.
But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.
The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
A Facebook page called 'justice for the cat murdered by Lindsey' has already been 'liked' by more than 7,000 people.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the Premier League champions.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear the sack.
Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging in London today.
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle.
She is raising money for the British Heart Foundation.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps won away from home for the first time in 2015.
Wasps' hunt for an automatic European Rugby Champions Cup spot had stuttered.
A. Alfred Taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack.
Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain.
His rearrangement of how people shop — parking lot in front, several stores in one stop close to home — left a mark on American culture.
Five Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month facing charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.
They have been linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Ligue 1 champions require three goals to progress.
Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can score three in Nou Camp.
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in London.
The Chelsea striker was spotted in a pair of dark shades, black baseball cap and Nike trainers.
Drogba replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees.
The animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment.
Charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments.
Clinton Foundation and Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years.
Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton vulnerable to undue influence.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
No details or cause of death have been released.
The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday.
Man could be seen leaning out sliding door of van as it hurtled down M40.
He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues inside van.
Today his boss has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing.
KJ Rail, which owns the van, said it was investigating the incident.
The 34-year-old revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits.
She is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older.
Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection.
Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, went on sale for £270,000 in July 2014.
It is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a four-bed house in Kingswood, Hull.
Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove.
But the Derby-based model was secretly'repulsed' by her body.
She checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession.
Today, it was the turn of Dordrecht, a city in the south-west of the country, which was once a major trading port.
King Willem-Alexander's brother Prince Constantijn, 45, was also aboard, as was his 48-year-old wife, Princess Laurentien.
Teenager filmed meowing in distress as he flushes Tilly's head in the toilet.
He was high on super-strength cannabis and was being egged on by friends.
Tilly had to be put to sleep after being dangled in bathwater.
Owner Sarah Reeves, 19, also banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force.
He was only handed a two-month suspended sentence.
The Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Mayweather has stepped up his own promotional campaign.
Coca Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red.
Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes.
Coca-Cola says the new bottles 'feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed'
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
The 73-year-old was famous not just for the trophies won – his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily Britain’s most successful ever manager – but the hours put in.
Ferguson revealed that his life hasn’t so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as Manchester United manager.
Mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery.
Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was going to Binzhou City to find work.
He has not been heard from since and the family are now in poverty.
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire.
The 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children.
Among the schools where Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary in Hampshire.
Barcelona host fourth-placed Valencia in La Liga on Saturday.
Luis Enrique's side are five points clear at the top of the table.
Real Madrid host Malaga in the quarter-final on Saturday evening.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees.
Several of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy.
Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years.
But their seven young children came down with whooping cough on April 2.
Four days later, lab tests confirmed the illness, which mainly affects infants and children between the ages of 11 and 18.
The Hills' six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin prompted'very fond memories'
Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August.
But his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window.
He is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up.
One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet.
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)
But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two.
Her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship.
Experts fear millions of Asian hornets could be heading for Britain.
They are thought to have travelled to France on some Chinese pot plants in 2004.
The two-inch-long hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See.
But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican.
Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
Camilla, 26, wore a daring, backless black dress at the Olivier Awards.
She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season.
The striker scored 31 goals in the campaign.
Jordan Henderson and Phillippe Coutinho also impressed.
Brendan Rodgers' side are in the FA Cup semi-finals.
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower.
The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on.
iRobot claims astronomers' concerns are exaggerated and said the chances of its gardening technology will interfere with space exploration are 'infinitesimal'
Winston Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London, in 1959.
The party brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign.
Churchill, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother.
As she walked through the door, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm.
Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past PSG at the Nou Camp.
The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Rik Sharma sorted the best from the rest during the Champions League clash.
Leo almost burned down his owner's home in Peckham, south-east London.
The Staffordshire-Boxer cross knocked one of the cooker knobs.
Firefighters believe Leo knocked the knobs, turning the rings on.
Leo's family have been left surviving on sandwiches.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.
They bought their home in Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987.
But it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender centre.
The pair have been forced to board up every window in their home for protection.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad.
A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over Charlton.
It was the Lions' first win at The Den since October.
Hooiveld prodded home Magaye Gueye's low drive in the 87th minute.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975.
Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, says Ian Wright.
The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final in Nyon, Switzerland.
Wright has predicted that four of the side are set for a bright future in the game.
Kate Major Lohan has been arrested for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report.
Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated.
Their argument then turned physical, with Kate reportedly scratching Michael's back.
She was then taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director.
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school.
It follows the bronze statue that was made the director after his Oscar winning film.
Mediapro group are behind the project, headed up by Allen friend Jaume Roures.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised.
Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League second leg.
Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game.
Bild lead with headline '6-1! It even bursts Pep's pants!'
Record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page.
Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in 2010 brought matters to a head.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died.
He was found at Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus.
Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day.
Didier Drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match.
The Chelsea striker picked up an ankle injury against Manchester United.
Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over United.
Mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour.
She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager.
Husband Paul says she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000.
The two images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km)
The first image was taken at 7:13am BST on 12 March, and the second was taken two minutes later.
The jet is unusual because it is erupting from the dark underside of the comet, whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far.
It’s not clear if this caused the jet - or an explosion of material caused by ice sublimating (turning from solid to gas) underground.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week.
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National.
Woods said: 'I've worked a lot on my game, and I'm looking forward to competing. I'm excited to get to Augusta'
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out.
Nguyen managed to get out of his suit and jump into the water seconds before the helicopter crashed and sent shrapnel flying everywhere.
His family would be part of the 30,000 South Vietnamese refugees ultimately rescued by the Kirk.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to reach the semi-finals.
The world No 1 will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep.
Williams will face Romania's Halep for a place in the final.
West Ham currently sit first in the Premier League with 999 points.
Sam Allardyce wants his side to qualify for the Europa League next season.
The Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time before moving to the Olympic Stadium in 2016.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23.
Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self on Instagram.
Gary Cahill posted a 'Proud to be English' video.
ISIS has released a chilling new propaganda video titled 'We Will Burn America'
It calls on supporters to attack the U.S. on its own soil, while claiming its citizens' sense of safety is a'mirage'
The 11 minute-long video also forms a showcase of some of the militants' bloodiest atrocities.
It features the beheading of journalist James Foley, as well as several mass beheadings and the horrific burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy.
A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were featured in Hillary Clinton's video announcing her 2016 White House bid.
The couple, who are planning a summer wedding, were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year.
Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'
Aston Villa have reached the FA Cup final for the first time since 1982.
Tim Sherwood's side beat Liverpool to reach the final at Wembley.
Villa were one of the founder members of the Football League.
The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious results.
While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet as they beat Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash.
Martin Allen's side have returned to the Football League after a two-year absence.
Barnet have been relegated from the Conference for the first time in their history.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show.
Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with cement at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground.
City have lost just three times in the Premier League this season.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over alleged domestic violence.
The 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online.
He was eventually arrested in November in a cafe and jailed for eight months.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday.
Steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder.
Manchester City have increased season ticket prices by 283 per cent.
The club have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans.
Some disabled fans say they are 'disgusted' with the club.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga on Monday night.
Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season.
Xabi Prieto had the chance to equalise for the away side.
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs.
Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
Owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism.
Islam will become America's second-largest religion by 2050, according to a report.
The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, researchers claim.
Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070 according to the Pew Research Center.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31.
McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
The legal writing professor earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol.
Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
This study takes those results one step further by showing that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season.
Williams was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012.
The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey.
He sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil over a period of months.
School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
Police are hunting Peter Fox, 26, after his mother and sister were found dead.
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead in Bootle, Merseyside, on Thursday night.
Her mother Bernadette, 57, was also found dead half a mile away.
Detectives have released CCTV images of Mr Fox leaving Liverpool Lime Street.
Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison.
He was jailed for 18 months for the historic sexual abuse of two girls.
Pinsard claimed he was himself abused at the Haut de la Garenne children's home.
Judge branded the historic case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant'
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015.
He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final of the show.
His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts.
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012.
The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to.
Man in his 70s barricaded himself into his home after shooting daughter's boyfriend and a police officer last night.
After a night of failed negotiations, the shooter opened fire on the elite police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning.
The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at Hospital Clinico in Zaragoza.
A new study of Australians' spending habits reveals that 1.2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
Generational Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending.
One in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase per month.
Nico Rosberg admits he's wary of Ferrari's pace ahead of Sunday's race.
Mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs.
Rosberg trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it.
She had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
'Dancing has been my favorite thing since I was four. I don't have part of my leg, but I can't let that stop me. I still want to dance,' she said.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the Championship.
But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink.
Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and screams.
The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight.
On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government would do 'everything in their power' to bring the students home.
But he said he could not promise they would find them.
It is now a year since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in Chibok.
Almost 300 girls were taken away in trucks on the night of April 14 to 15 2014.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong.
Since the 1950s, doctors and midwives have clamped the cord.
They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby.
Ms Burleigh contacted other medics, including obstetrician Dr David Hutchon.
Together the group amassed evidence stopping blood flow so early could be harmful.
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room.
They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run.
His lawyers say the arrest was timed to mesh with the finale of The Jinx, HBO's six-part series about Durst.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC's 7.30 program.
Mr Andrews was appearing on the program following the Federal Government's announcement 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq.
The Prime Minister announced Australian troops would return to Iraq with the aim to provide Iraqi security forces with the skills and training to defend their country.
Celtic moved eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Ronny Deila was impressed with his side's performance against St Mirren.
Deila also hit out at the state of the Paisley surface in Scotland.
Mark Doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea.
He set up a business using the animals’ sense of smell, which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans.
After six months of training, four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess went to work.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly.
Household incomes can influence which social network children use.
That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
Study claims 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent.
It comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
Baby was found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham yesterday afternoon.
Police were called to the home at 1am because of breathing difficulties.
Baby was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Man, 25, and woman, 22, arrested on suspicion of murder.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate.
Pair were last seen kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away.
Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
Alleged victim reportedly told female contestants she did not consent to sex.
Martynas Kupstys spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison after staff told him he was free to go in August 2014.
The Lithuanian killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis at Lincoln Crown Court.
Before the murder he posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver and waving it at the person behind the camera in a threatening manner.
He also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler.
The 34-year-old reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May.
Gilt.comoffered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon.
In addition to bearing the selfie queen's signature, the special versions, which retailed for $60 per book, also came complete with a special cover featuring a bikini-clad image of the star.
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals.
Even leave it on when they are out to keep them company.
Cats, dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement on Tuesday.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said in the statement.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, of Prestwich, Greater Manchester, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man.
She and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky, a decanter and a phone.
Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.
Doherty has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers escaped unharmed.
The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning.
Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool.
Police are appealing for the driver to come forward.
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour.
The 18-year-old and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening.
Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the Casino teenager.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year.
Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.
Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening.
He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result.
Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds.
Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi.
She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done and in October he began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck.
Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time.
It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are, but a small number have the ability to travel through the body, creating new tumours as they go.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint, Idaho.
The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade.
She was confronted by police before she was shot and killed.
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day.
The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years, but in between Anzac Days his work has a superstar flavour.
He kept Tyler safe when the frontman and his band were in town to perform and has been on duty for Campbell, American lifestyle icon Martha Stewart and electro-dance group The Prodigy.
Robert Mugabe arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, for a state visit today.
He appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings.
But it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot of a woman behind him.
It is claimed that the 91-year-old dictator wants his daughter Bona to succeed him.
Attorney General Eric Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members in Washington on Friday, ending six years at the DOJ.
Holder, a former judge and U.S. attorney who took the job in 2009, will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in US history.
His successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay.
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia.
Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt.
Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean from packed migrant ships.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people.
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly.
Mr Farage said that when he goes into 'black parts' of London he gets a warm reception.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male.
After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder.
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
Early indicators show an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again.
The SES is particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the Hunter region, which suffered through flooding and high winds in the last storm.
Incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
The balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket plummets to the ground.
Two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all in a stable condition.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Liverpool.
Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents.
Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterling's contract talks closely.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy.
Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning.
The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim.
It also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control.
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Newcastle.
Arsene Wenger insists he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation.
Ozil attended a friend's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Lewis Hamilton said he stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party back in 2008.
The Briton wanted to introduce himself to Hollywood actor Will Smith.
Hamilton said he didn't even apologise, he just kept going.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week.
The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead.
Compton's wife, Barbara, and parents Peter and Eli won't be tuning in this year.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season.
The England midfielder is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield.
Milner's present deal expires in June and his future has been clouded in uncertainty since contract negotiations reached deadlock in December.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years.
It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin.
The stadium was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium.
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley, Lancashire.
Father-of-six needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body.
Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home to see his children.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time.
But his shot was saved by Blackburn goalkeeper Adam Henley.
Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals.
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody.
Banda, a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue, has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story.
Neil Tuckett, 58, from Buckinghamshire, has customers who use them as wedding cars and even one that is used as a hearse.
He discovered his passion for the model when he got a call from his great uncle, John Brazil, asking him to accompany him on the London to Brighton commercial run.
The agricultural engineer started his own business in 1984 but when the work dried up a few years later, his team turned their attention to Model Ts.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four Man United players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders.
Matt Phillips opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the seventh minute.
Christian Benteke equalised just after half-time for QPR.
Charlie Austin scored his first ever Premier League goal for the visitors.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches.
Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast - and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook.
The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format.
Flintoff has thrown his weight behind his former England team-mate and fellow 2009 Ashes-winner Cook.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Oscar was withdrawn at half time but Jose Mourinho insists he will bounce back.
Mourinho insists Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar are not struggling.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations.
The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies.
Gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained, he or she can 'explain that under the policy in place today, you should be released'
Peter Alliss said gender equality laws have 'b*****ed up the game'
Veteran broadcaster also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage.
Alliss said the Ladies Golf Union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway in 1997 for £65,000.
The couple spent eight years and hundreds of thousands renovating the castle.
It is now on the market for £695,000 even though the couple will lose a six-figure sum.
Despite that, Janet, 60, and John, 64, insist the project was a 'labour of love'
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results.
The Gunners have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions.
Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad.
A Brazilian website claims to have the new Chelsea kit for sale.
The kit can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back.
Chelsea fans may also want to avoid the mention of Didier Drogba.
John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.
The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
Prosecutors said he's agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties.
The 12-cabin-high structure was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
It was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat.
City are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool.
Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron.
His offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80)raffle tickets and raised money for children's hospice Julia's House.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma.
The South American duo battle it out in a cage style match.
Falcao scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford looking to secure a Champions League place.
Jordan Henderson thinks Liverpool can catch Manchester City in the Premier League.
Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
The ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jenson Button crashed into Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49.
The incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places.
Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
They are part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji.
Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Their father Neil Shepherd and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed.
Coroner David Hinchliff said the family had waited a long, long time for this day.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool.
Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers.
Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, spoke during an event on women and girls in New York City.
'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair.
The Clinton Foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
That hasn't sat well with Republicans vying for their party's presidential nomination, and they smell blood.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million.
The property, called 'Alkira,' features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots.
It was designed by Port Douglas architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014.
Although resembling a spaceship, it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the 'One Pound Jimmy' Stamp.
Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told'monster' James Tingley 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet'
Wilson continued by saying he thinks locking him up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison 'is worth every penny'
Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
Strike by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours.
Experts fear up to half of all flights between UK and France could be axed.
EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France, including 10 which either start or finish at British airports.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system.
The Reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Barclays Premier League run.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti.
Obi Okeke insisted the car was to be delivered in 12 hours.
The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope.
They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.
A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.
The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Nigella Lawson will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for the first time in three years.
The show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
It will be the celebrity chef's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and the explosive court case involving her ex-husband.
She was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo, 42, is based in Latina and teaches photography and post-production in seminars.
She led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
Griffo, who takes and edits all manner of photographs, has a particular affinity with the night sky - and not just the spectacular Aurora Borealis.
Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at about 5.20pm on Saturday.
The cosmetic artist, from New Zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club.
Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer.
The Welshman made a record 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, claimed in an interview this week that her nephew had been wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. conspiracy.
Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks.
The relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers.
However it appears that this request was now at odds with Tsarnaev's mother, who ranted in the wake of his guilty conviction.
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex.
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study.
9% of physicists declared that they were still virgins, 5% of dentists.
Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one% claiming they were virgins.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.
But marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered remains to be seen.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect.
Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
Sentenced to 155 years in prison and will spend at least 21 behind bars.
Images were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate Bergen-Belsen in 1945.
The camp was torched shortly after it was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945, with the Reichskriegs flag and Hitler portrait.
Mr Parsons' great-grandson Tom Marshall, 27, found them tucked inside an old box among his grandmother's possessions.
Melissa Borg has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home since last Thursday.
The 13-year-old left home at 7:30am and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills.
Her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work.
Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa's family with the investigation into her disappearance.
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados.
England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Robshaw’s worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Ben Flower returned from six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis.
A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever.
The Sydney celebrity chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg, another MS sufferer.
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops.
The boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz.
Volunteers are now hoping to take the vessel back to the beaches next month to celebrate its amazing achievement.
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, 'tickle tickle'
Allegedly ran fingers along soles of Ramiro James Villegas, 22.
Villegas was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a high-speed chase.
Stringer has been on paid administrative leave since November 13.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, Douglas Mess, 52, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.
Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Tiger Woods gave Yao Ming a golfing lesson at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai.
Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7.
The 39-year-old has confirmed he will tee it up at TPC Sawgrass.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo hit five goals in Real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend.
The 30-year-old has now scored 36 goals in the La Liga so far.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling.
Hart admitted it was one of his 'worst days in a Man City shirt'
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate.
The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34.
They said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly that Felix was able to get out and run away.
Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists' to find the cat.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water.
Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped.
It has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact'
But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray.
Incident occurred after QPR drew 3-3 with Burnley at Loftus Road last year.
Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool.
She was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom.
But as the rhyme continued, her eyes filled with tears.
At the end of the clip Rilie leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands.
He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance.
Police Scotland said they had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
The 44-year-old from Oldham had just returned from Algeria.
He wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday.
Great Manchester Police Chadderton division shared the anecdote on Facebook.
There was a warning that members of the public should not waste police time.
Neil Robertson has revealed a new practice repertoire.
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones.
Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the Oyston family.
Blackpool fans have raised close to £15,000 in under three days.
Knight is a lifelong fan of the Seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season.
The Red Devils have endured two mixed campaigns since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in May 2013.
United currently sit third in the Premier League table - 11 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Lord Tebbit has hit out at David Cameron for not being a'real man'
Former Tory party chairman said PM has never had a 'proper job'
He said the PM had done nothing except be a special adviser and PR.
He also suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour.
Atletico Madrid drew 2-2 with Malaga in La Liga on Saturday.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal.
The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line.
Rio Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of October.
The 36-year-old defender has been suspended, benched or out of the squad.
Ferdinand also won 81 caps for England during his glittering career.
Piper Kulk died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.
She was travelling with her mother, grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12, when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred.
A relative said: ‘We’re just devastated.’
Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008 – including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign.
The revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron over his links to millionaire donors.
Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service'
Manny Pacquiao and his team arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of their fight against Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station.
Mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled Boxing Club, which is situated next to a Chinese Baptist Church.
Boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come May 2.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with Marouane Fellaini.
The 20-year-old man-marked the Belgian superbly.
Mourinho said he asked the young Frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10' clash.
Chelsea travel to QPR in the west London derby on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Martin Skrtel believes Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world.
Skrtel has praised the impact Gerrard has had upon him since arriving at Liverpool in 2008.
Gerrard is set to feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs.
Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year.
The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
Under Lib Dem plan, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and other services which can become unviable without sufficient permanent residents.
Dead fish have continued to wash up on banks of Rodrigo de Freitas lake.
The lake is scheduled to hold Olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games.
Officials say recent rains and high sea levels caused the lake's temperature to plummet.
Jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead.
The 28-year-old said that he has tried to bribe his chef.
Bolt admitted eating a McDonald's wrap on the morning of the race, as well as hash browns, rice and pork.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window.
Six people are believed to have been killed in anti-immigrant protests in South Africa.
Around 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks.
Police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse crowds.
Anderson Silva will meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials next week.
The 40-year-old fighter expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games.
Silva is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests.
Manny Pacquiao's last conference call was pulled by promoter Bob Arum.
Arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins.
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2.
Deputies are filmed chasing after Harris after he fled during sting operation.
They tackle him to ground and order him to lie on his stomach.
Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out his weapon.
After firing one round into Harris, he drops gun from recoil and says 'Oh, I shot him!'
Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help.
Farhina Touseef is the subject of Channel 4's Unreported World.
She is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents.
The Taliban, a Islamic fundamentalist political movement, was toppled from power after the US-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001.
It is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women.
Juan Mata has revealed Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016.
Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted the lid on England captain's bullish attitude.
Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania.
Mata has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 World Cup.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering Claudia Lawrence.
The trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance.
Ms Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009.
Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work.
Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s in March in connection with Ms Lawrence's murder.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria.
Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana.
Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
David Cameron bore a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl in apparent boredom.
Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured with kids.
The Prime Minister isn't the only politician who elicits funny reactions.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived.
This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
Baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal.
He said it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
Said in a televised statement: 'A deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel'
He added: 'Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. It would pave it'
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
Maro Itoje has been named to start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes.
These are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km)
The colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off.
The exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
Chad Geyen, 45, of Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Of the six individuals who have come forward, four are now adults, with the oldest saying the abuse began when he was part of the Big Brothers organization.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists.
The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video and later uploaded onto YouTube.
In the 2-minute clip, Knight is approached by a man who introduces himself as 'Mike' and proceeds to shake the lawmaker's hand at lenght.
During the awkward encounter, Mike informs Knight: 'You told me you didn't vote for amnesty and you did. I looked it up on the
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'
His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them.
The Wakē alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.
The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’
It emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner.
Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that's used to differentiate between sleepers.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions.
Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway.
The break also forced utility workers to shut off steam service to some businesses in the area and a major hospital.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Louis van Gaal's side moved up to third.
The Dutchman said he had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting to demonstrate a greater level of composure.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems.
In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry.
156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.
Detective Inspector Bernie Rankin said these flippant drivers were treating other motorists like roadkill and are risking everyone's lives.
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay.
There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain.
De Gea's contract at Old Trafford runs out next summer.
Steve Webb has urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions.
He said over-55s 'don't have to rush this' and insisted there was 'a case for waiting and seeing'
He added: 'This isn't a mad scramble rush to do something this morning'
Pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side were thrown in a skip.
The skip was situated outside St James' Park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move by the club.
Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nobby Solano and Shay Given are some of the legends included.
Unnamed man was gored in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca.
He was sprinting ahead of the animal, trying to make it to safety behind a set of iron bars.
Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him square between the legs as he tried to scramble away.
Two rare paintings used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.
One painting, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard, went for £25,000.
The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the wizard, sold for.
£10,000. Little is known about where they were until they surfaced at an estate sale in the late 1980s.
Danny Welbeck was spotted at the Manchester Arena on Monday night.
Liverpool beat the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
All passengers on the new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
The #SkyhighSelfie app will allow customers to check in free of charge and share their location and photos with friends and followers mid-flight.
Virgin executives have realised that connectivity during flights is key with so many of us desiring permanent Wi-Fi.
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla.
Real Madrid are just two points off in second place in La Liga.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Cesc Fabregas opened the scoring for Chelsea in the 88th minute.
Nemanja Matic doubled Chelsea's lead in the second half.
Charlie Austin fired home from long range to extend QPR's lead.
Jose Mourinho's side now seven points clear at the top of the table.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, said he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators.
But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator.
Gill said he never knew keeping an alligator - especially such a small one - was illegal.
Video shows storm clouds blocking out the sun in Belarus on Monday.
The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
About 100,000 residents of the city of Soligorsk were forced to stay indoors.
Iain Duncan Smith launches scathing attack on Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'
Claims Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot'
Set out powerful moral case for party's policies which have reduced welfare dependency.
Called on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion achievements.
Hailed'staggering' increase in employment, now at record high.
Louise Van Ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court has heard.
Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
He is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway.
Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers.
The storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage.
Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film.
Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which could be worth £82,000.
Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the kidnapping of Denise Huskins says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity.
In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English'
This comes just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents'
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date.
He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Sussex Police poster urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off.
Women's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks, not victims.
But supporters said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women.
Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system.
She said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers.
Call comes as Europe struggles with growing refugee crisis in Mediterranean.
Hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks.
The family learned that John had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence.
Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and Adam Bogdan, 27, have signed new contracts.
Heskey has contributed just one goal, but impressed in his nine Championship starts.
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her son despite a judge's order to appear in court and to allow the circumcision favored by the child's father, Dennis Nebus, to go forward, has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy.
Hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest.
Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored the judge's demand that she appeared in court.
In a parenting agreement filed in court, the two agreed to the boy's circumcision, but Hironus later changed her mind, giving way to a long court battle.
Circumcision
Stephen James Hendry, 24, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel and has starred in numerous men's magazine shoots, and graced the runway at Fashion Weeks.
This week, he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes.
Kevin Blandford, 33, from Louisville, Kentucky, won a free trip to Puerto Rico.
But his wife, Bonnie, was unable to join him because she stayed home.
The photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on Imgur.
Kevin said he was shocked by the amount of attention he has received since posting the photos.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns.
Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
The dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
The coat of an English bulldog, the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died.
Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30.
She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed.
The frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days.
Ms Tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Taliban release bizarre biography of 'charismatic' supreme leader Mullah Omar.
It praises militant's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers.
The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf.
But the pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31.
Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead early in the second half.
Graham Dorrans sealed the win with a late penalty.
Norwich are now one step closer to the Premier League.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election.
West Mercia Police said it was investigating a breach of the Act 1983.
It bans candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Detectives are expected to speak to Mr Norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on April 2.
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
The teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing.
Dan Bilzerian forced into making film to avoid jail after being arrested.
He was accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them.
The playboy gun-obsessive is known for his outlandish lifestyle on Instagram.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest on Sunday.
Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home.
They also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church'
Sunday's arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain.
She was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in Paris suburb.
Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder.
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of the winger.
Lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season.
Courtney Terry, 27, from Barnehurst, south-east London, was 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago.
Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009.
She had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time but doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition.
Now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding.
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening.
The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere.
Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Nick Cousins, 57, arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca Cousins, 15.
Police investigating whether her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were ever registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan.
The Football Association will wait for Andre Marriner's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George's Facebook page.
The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday.
Keane is currently sidelined by a groin injury.
Gary Teale hit back at Ronny Deila's criticism of St Mirren Park pitch.
Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership ‘terrible’
But Teale insists the Norwegian’s criticism was unjustified.
New pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys.
It is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports.
Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball.
At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis.
A potent strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is wrecking havoc on its young population.
Farmers in Swaziland have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination.
It is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive new cocktail known as nyope.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop.
Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background.
'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Peter Tait, headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset, said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education.
He said parents should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally.
Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child.
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a North American zoo.
The bear appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass.
At one point the boy tells his family 'he wants me to get in there'
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.
For days on end, two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the WI’s centenary celebrations at the venue in June.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday.
Wayne Rooney and the rest of the England squad arrived back from Italy on Wednesday after their flight was delayed.
Rooney said he and his team-mates were upset by their first half performance.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street.
Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
He was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment.
Jamelia, 34, aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She said that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'
Now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments.
Alice Dogruyol, Founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves, believes Jamelia’s message to women is incredibly disturbing.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks.
Experts said a badly hung parliament would send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
Sydney duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning.
The posts came hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week.
'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read.
Fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it.
Manchester City are planning to table a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling.
The reigning Premier League champions have made the Liverpool forward a primary target this summer.
Sterling is valued at around £50million, a fee that City can certain afford.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could.
But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night.
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in Fairdale are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced, while around a dozen people were injured.
Lyon returned to the top of the Ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw against Saint-Etienne on Sunday night.
Clinton N'Jie gave his side the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off.
Max Gradel converted from the spot to level matters for the hosts.
Lille kept themselves within sight of fourth place after beating Bordeaux 2-0.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was filmed standing in front of a river in Stratford, Milton Keynes.
He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background.
Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river, which separates it from Andrea.
The herd then stand and enjoy the music for some time while Andrea serenades them with his hand-made instrument.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace on Easter Sunday.
She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday.
Ms Scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
They fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
Police released an image of the car Ms Scott was travelling in, a red Mazda 3 sedan with the NSW registration BZ-19-CD.
Scott Keyes, 28, is a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress.
He is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class.
Keyes uses a number of techniques to travel first class around the world for free.
Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Thursday demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran's nuclear program is reached.
Khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne.
In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January.
The suspect stole his car while it was running, according to prosecutors.
Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma.
Bogard has pleaded not guilty to charges including attempted murder.
Dr Joe Hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.
He says a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen.
By comparison, a human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio.
On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a forgiving plea deal that gets her out of prison time.
The married mother-of-three was arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them.
Dufresn and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in the same parish in September after the student started bragging to friends that he had slept with two teachers.
In exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity, the
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the deadly medicine and injected it.
She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed.
Paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital.
But Charlotte died from the effects of the drug, an inquest heard.
Pauline Bruce and her son John were terrorised by their neighbour.
Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.
She didn't even show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history.
They have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with BT.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall.
Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and a Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Steven Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers.
Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Rodgers.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon.
Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece for the home side.
Stuart McCall made three changes to his side for the game.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week.
These techniques may appear weird to some - like the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees - but these Californians maintain it's the inevitable future of water conservation.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, was on second date at sushi restaurant in East Village.
He was declared missing following gas explosion and building collapse last month.
His mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse.
Mr Figuaeroa's father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I'm here but I'm broken'
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger.
Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind off Chris Jordan.
Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers, with 11 overs lost in the day.
Debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street.
Monsoon also offer lavish dresses for brides on a budget.
David's Bridal is a hugely popular American bridal boutique.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Wales claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying's group B.
Bale returns to Real Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel.
Carlo Ancelotti's side take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with the disease cystic fibrosis.
The 26-year-old has earned four international caps for the Wallabies.
Charles took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling with his illness.
He took part in a promotional video as part of Nutri Grain's #Unstoppable campaign.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre.
She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fleeing form the military police in Iran.
The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Aidan Fraley, 16, says his father's killer should never have been on a police force.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting death of Eric Harris.
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Harris as he lay on the ground.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures.
Oceans can absorb some carbon dioxide, but the large volume released - at such a fast rate - changed their chemistry.
The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame.
And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
It was the acidification of the oceans that was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following on-field injury.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata on Friday.
Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner for Leicester against West Bromwich Albion.
Vardy struck the winner in stoppage time to improve Leicester's slim chance of Premier League survival.
Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California.
It is believed the pet, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog.
The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0.
Ozil is now setting his sights on the Premier League clash with Liverpool.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland.
Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Mr Berdalis said: 'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones"'
Omar Hallak, principal of Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly banned his female students from running.
Former teachers claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that he is discriminating against female students.
The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims, but rather a plot against them.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways.
The pair announced in December that they would work together.
Radwansa has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself.
Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated.
Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation.
Once inside the residence, officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins.
Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player.
The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
WA Police Union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation, with president George Tilbury telling The West Australian officers had done nothing wrong.
Sanjay Chaddah claimed Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i'
But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Chaddah was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Newcastle United face Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
Fans group AshleyOut.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
The protest also plans to target Ashley's Sports Direct stores.
Jacques LaMerde pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126.
Ding Junhui beat Mark Davis 5-1 to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams.
Former world champion Shaun Murphy came from 3-2 down to beat Anthony McGill 5-4.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich.
The Dutchman won the league and cup double in his first season in charge.
Ribery claims Van Gaal lost the players' trust while he was at the club.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists.
Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
Indian Creek Island Road in Miami boasts a median house price of $21.48million.
Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes.
Another resident, who enjoys the enormous lots on the island, includes Colombian Jaime Galinski.
The island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
According to her attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds United's sporting director.
The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended by the club.
Cellino has been banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Two residents from the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan told the New York Post of their experiences with spirits in the building.
Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle, Central Park and Lincoln Center.
The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge.
The aristocrat commanded 13,000 Allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery.
His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg has become etched in history.
Mikel Arteta is set to miss Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
The Spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem.
Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension.
Christine Lillico, 47, from Heddon-on-the-Wall, Northumberland, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts.
But instead of using the money to care for John and Audrey Air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
By the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of £78,000.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel on Monday, April 13.
The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside.
His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive.
But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has spoken out in support of assisted dying.
The entertainer said it can be'more cruel to do nothing' than letting someone die.
Sir Bruce's first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home in 2008.
He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Said he would like the right to end his life 'with a bit of dignity left'
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud.
The complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan.
Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Barney Gibson has retired from cricket four years after his debut.
The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age.
Gibson was the youngest first-class cricketer in county history.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper.
The 23-year-old was photographed returning to his London hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water.
It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on United.
The California Highway Patrol became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30pm Wednesday.
The woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division Twitter.
Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph, CHP officer Juan Galvan told KTLA.
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a roaring send-off at Aintree this week.
The 40-year-old from County Antrim has been bidding his farewells.
McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a crowdfunding page to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area.
Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists had vanished.
The couple still haven’t been able to track down the would-be benefactor.
App, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own.
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15.
Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread.
In June, the ‘made today, sold today’ slogan was deemed misleading by the Federal Court.
It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles.
Joe Anderson, 56, campaigned against austerity while being paid £80,000 salary.
He claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School, Merseyside.
But when school stopped payments in 2011, he tried to sue them for discrimination.
Claimed he was being punished for 'philosophical belief' in public service.
Mr Anderson rejected employment tribunal ruling against him and took case to appeal.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder.
He appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree.
He fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion.
It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during Celtic's 2-0 win over St Mirren on Good Friday night.
The striker was on the substitutes bench during the match.
His manager Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday night.
Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute after an Ecuador clearance was blocked.
Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Argentina in the first-half.
Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a California gas station early on Saturday morning.
Group covered the white Dodge Charger and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched.
The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
Brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai.
The 29-year-old was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet.
The five-month-old pup lifts up the toilet seat and hovers over it.
He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover.
Once he's finished, he puts the lid down and flushes before running out.
Viewers' reactions have been viewed more than 16,400,000 times.
Plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning.
 autopilot ignored pilot's commands to climb and tried to crash plane.
Plane pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above sea.
Pilot put out Mayday emergency signal before regaining control.
Andreas Lubitz crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps changing the aircraft's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot.
German prosecutors believe Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck.
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol.
The 43-year-old would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family'
He was convicted of charges against him by a jury at the Old Bailey.
He had a 'persistent and almost predatory interest' in teenage girls, trial heard.
Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes.
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left Karen Murray, 31, with 18 injuries.
The pair were staying at the Carronbridge Hotel in Stirling on New Year's Eve.
Howie, a joiner, punched, kicked and kneed her over an hour.
He pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges and smashed furnishings.
Because the inn was so isolated Miss Murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws.
He was swiftly taken into custody and is now under house arrest in Florida.
On Monday, he called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol 'a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia, across Washington D.C. and his safe landing on the lawn.
Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of the guarded building.
Despite landing unscathed, he said that he believes the security in the city
Short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset.
It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes.
The video is based on an actual event when U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water.
Alastair Cook's form with the bat took a turn for the worse on day one.
Graeme Swann said Cook was the closest thing to Don Bradman.
Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy.
The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer.
The 96-year-old former prisoner of war spent his £50,000 life savings on his care.
Now, the council want to move him into a care home because it is cheaper.
Help for Heroes has already given Mr Clark an emergency grant.
They have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed to keep him at home.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Authorities said hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack near Spinnaker Beach Club on Panama City Beach, Florida, in broad daylight during a Spring Break party last month.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner’s belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City.
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman.
Adonis Stevenson and former heavyweight champion Larry Holmes were also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
Jimmy Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on day five of the first Test against West Indies.
The record-breaking bowler overtook Sir Ian Botham as the most prolific bowler in England’s Test history.
England had to settle for a draw on the fifth day of the second Test in Antigua.
Holder scored his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn his side a deserved draw.
Liverpool are top of the Premier League with six games to go.
Only Manchester City are better placed, theoretically, with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit.
Man City have nine points fewer than at this stage last season.
Liverpool fell, but Liverpool climbed again and here they are.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record in June.
Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5km one-day race on Sunday.
The four-time Olympic champion is 35 on April 28.
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick.
The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies.
Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Bristol on February 20.
Police found her body parts at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2.
Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for the teenager's murder.
His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police.
Blunder at the pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661.
The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall.
The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'
Craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego – he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next Bond movie, Spectre.
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities.
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children.
Some farmhouses are being offered at low rent because they need renovating. Others need a caretaker to look after the farm and some needskilled labour to help during busy harvest times.
Cumnock farmer Robert Armstrong has decided to put his three-bedroom cottage on
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month.
She was born and raised in Japan, speaks fluent Japanese and speaks fluent English.
But she has faced horrific racial abuse growing up in the port town of Sasebo.
The beauty queen says she is 'Japanese through and through. I am Japanese - 100 percent'
She has been inspired by Mariah Carey's struggle to make it to the top.
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel.
Reynolds who is married to actress Blake Lively became the father of a baby girl, James, in December.
James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.
The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano.
The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
Ronaldo has netted 161 of his Madrid goals and 60 Champions League goals.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand.
The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
It was Arsene Wenger's seventh successive Premier League victory.
The Gunners moved up to second place in the table after the win.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s.
They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago.
The Russian outfit have been wound up after going bankrupt.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI.
Harvard claims Steven Sutton, 36, of Pittsburgh, confronted him in the driveway of his home in Springdale, Pennsylvania.
The two men started arguing over the fact that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home.
Australian dietician Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious and five worst breads Australian consumers can buy.
Bread has been a dietary staple for thousands of years, and the more advanced technology has become, so too the more processed our bread, resulting in the soft, almost sticky common white loaf.
This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your daily diet.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic after being released by Liverpool.
The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo.
But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning.
She was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks near an Illinois train station.
The 58-year-old died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, David Elliot.
The 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same ‘generic’ email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming, some of them with their weddings only weeks away.
Pilots of Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night.
Strong winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where plane was due to arrive at 7pm.
Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled.
Police were first called to tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off'
Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham on February 7.
Arsene Wenger's side are now just seven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Arsenal take on relegation-threatened Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday.
Father reveals his daughter became hooked on drugs after buying them in school playground.
He has written an open letter to South Gloucestershire Council pleading for action.
The father, only known as John, has called on council to do more to tackle drug dealing.
Robbie Williams has ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension.
The 41-year-old singer angered Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals.
He wanted to build a new one in an underground extension but has since backtracked.
Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night.
The 26-year-old went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years.
Her sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in Ms Scott's memory.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were flooded with images of yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Ms Scott on social media as the
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday.
Supporters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday.
Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a target for Liverpool.
The 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and even Sevilla during his five-year professional career.
Arsenal were heavily linked with him before he left Sevilla.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain are all interested.
Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg.
Halsey said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday night after receiving a report that a person had entered the water.
The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers, but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards.
He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday.
FEMAIL has shared his top wine pairings, from budget options to mid-range and high-end.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
But he feels his work at Upton Park is far from done and wants to oversee the development of a squad lacking in top-flight experience.
West Ham starting XI included six summer signings with Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before.
The woman jumped onto the bonnet of her Honda as the carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia.
But the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot.
Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago.
27-year-old from Tamworth, Staffordshire, weighed just 6st at the time.
Doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight.
There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
Says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her confidence to overcome depression.
Harry Redknapp has turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.
The 68-year-old left QPR with immediate effect in February.
Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Minnesota fourth-grader Barway Edwin Collins.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
Pierre Collins, who has said he is innocent, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident, but Revering said authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country.
The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Prince George's County.
The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the lack of English clubs in Europe this season.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Simeone believes Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night.
The Manchester middleweight is looking to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career.
Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House.
The move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere'
But it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move'misguided'
Woman boarded the driver's bus in Ozone Park, Queens, on Saturday.
She was'shocked' that the driver continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus.
The driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper, believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway.
He could face possible termination or retraining depending on his work history.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday.
16-year-old was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track.
Teenager's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1.
Schumacher's father is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident.
Ricky Gervais posted picture of Extreme Huntress winner Rebecca Francis.
Grandmother-of-nine is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures.
Gervais tweeted: 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?'
Francis then found herself at the centre of a social media storm, as 14,543 people retweeted it.
Mend said to have boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' at election.
Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
It has bragged it is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
Sydney-sider Steve York used HomeCamp to connect with Rose Smith and let her stay in his backyard for three nights.
There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website.
Chris Smalling has joined Twitter just days before Manchester City clash.
The Manchester United centre back is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country.
Smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend Sam Cooke on his newly opened Twitter account.
His United team-mate Adnan Januzaj also joined the social networking site.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world.
He is known for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance.
Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep.
Scientists from the University of Connecticut have found that global warming is accelerating the world’s extinctions.
One in six species could face extinction due to the effects of climate change if carbon emissions continue at current rates, it warns.
If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2%.
But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16%, the study warns.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine.
His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon after she drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound stretch.
Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday.
The Barcelona midfielder also set the record for most knockout matches.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas can equal Xavi's total.
Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi if he plays against Atletico.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
John Terry scored the only goal of the game after a scramble in the box.
Jose Mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side after the game.
'John' posted the advert in his local newsagents in Muswell Hill.
It is written in capital letters in black pen and says: 'Call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs'
The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on Facebook.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract.
Lesbians4Hillary co-chaired by tennis great Billie Jean King.
King was outed as a lesbian in 1981 and was a leader of the group 'Women for Hillary' in 2008.
In her 2008 campaign, Clinton did not support gay marriage.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning.
He then risked the wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same'
Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old club on Friday.
The 25-year-old presented some members with replica United jerseys.
Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was even named national champion for his age group.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes.
Beatrice, 26, the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson, opted for an unusual blue creation.
Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Australian families take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one.
Samantha Wills welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.
Nine months on, the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events.
Lewis Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign.
Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Rosberg grew up the son of privilege. His father, Keke, was 1982 world champion. He was brought up in Monaco. He attended a smart international school there. He speaks five languages.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash.
Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph.
She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit.
Hagon had already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003.
He had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal limit.
Judge David Turner branded his driving'madness' and accused him of changing Miss McIntyre's life for the worse for ever.
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday.
He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4.
Realtors have priced this property at a cool $2.5 million.
The 1904 Victorian build will be sold at a live auction by Tim Hawko of Zephyr Real Estate.
Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home.
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed.
The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun.
Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
The 24-year-old has scored 15 goals for Celtic this season.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
The defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate.
Bennett came on the airwaves to address rumours that he had asked for a trade to join the Atlanta Falcons.
Gary Hooper scored a stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion.
Former Celtic striker's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the Canaries bench.
Hooper had been a transfer target for Neil Lennon earlier in the season.
David and Samantha Cameron were 'falling apart' after son Ivan was born disabled.
Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy.
He died aged six in 2009.
Mr Cameron said: 'We weren't falling out with each other, but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything'
His comments were echoed by his wife who said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to 'breaking point'
A 50-year-old man will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges.
Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday.
A terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a man to death.
The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder.
Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown.
John Wild was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees.
Brown criticised Kick It Out for not doing enough to help him in his case from October last year.
Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective and delicious lunches to work.
Cheese, crackers and charcuterie will do the job.
Use the handy cracker to spread a variety of toppings.
Caley beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness's Josh Meekings appeared to get away with a handball.
Caley boss John Hughes says the break was a turning point.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a 1984 gig.
The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good.
Marouane Fellaini opened the scoring for Manchester United in the 14th minute.
Sergio Aguero doubled the lead in the 89th minute, tapping David Silva's cross into the empty net.
Ashley Young added a fourth with a thumping header to give the hosts the lead.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Hoover once caught a fish there.
Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
Narcocon officials, who run more than 120 centers around the world, deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to Barcelona.
The 20-year-old right back left the Catalan giants four years ago.
Bellerin has scored 12 per cent of the vote in a poll carried out by 'Sport'
PSG and Man United target Dani Alves could leave the Nou Camp this summer.
Nine members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland.
The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man's funeral.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a gift.
They danced to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of open-mouthed mourners.
Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
But after Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges, officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers.
The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then set up Fabian Delph's winner.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood kept faith with the youngster.
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky.
The Briton was unable to maintain his lead in the Paris-Roubaix.
John Degenkolb won the race ahead of Wiggins in 18th.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively.
He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in
Andy Murray and Kim Sears met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Murray was playing only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel.
The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City.
He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day.
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche.
Former Manchester United and Burnley full-back is currently out on loan.
Eckersley has been hampered by injuries throughout his career.
Several properties were littered with debris over the town of West Pittston.
Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane.
The bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania.
The life coach turned model has a curvy figure and dyed black hair.
She now lives in Miami and has a BA degree in creative writing.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011 during Chelsea’s 1-0 defeat at Loftus Road.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey believes the issue has been dealt with.
Ramsey revealed Rio Ferdinand won't be fit for a reunion with Terry.
The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.
Close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.
Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton.
Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself.
Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to the report.
She was shot at 'intermediate' range, meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank.
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening.
While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year old dead.
Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
The Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner.
It is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer.
Its 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies.
Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat, 21, his wife Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha, 21 and her sister, 19.
Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.
Ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He allegedly entered the building at 8am on Monday carrying a long-barreled gun and fired one shot, killing long-time employee Ron Lane.
Police have issued a warrant for his arrest, describing him as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals.
Rooney knows United will be playing for 'pride' against City.
David Alaba has been ruled out for seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
The left-back was injured playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia.
Alaba is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Amir Khan could face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi in May.
Khan has been waiting and waiting for Floyd Mayweather for two years.
Pacquiao prefers an early winter date for his second fight of a year.
Andrew Chan, then 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005.
Both men were arrested at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush, Michael Czugaj, Lawrence and Stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs.
The latter were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast, scales and plastic wrap.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst.
Daisy suffers from Anophthalmia, a rare condition which means 'lack of eyes'
She will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder.
Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders.
But 38 per cent of those taking drugs didn't meet the criteria for clinical depression.
Study looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI)
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors.
Only two agreed to deals.
In both those cases, Baxter followed the state's recommendations: He gave a former teacher a 7 p.m to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail.
They'll also serve five years on probation.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week.
The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing.
A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Around 100,000 pupils a year don't pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school.
Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Floyd Mayweather has added a Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection.
The 38-year-old boxer takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the fight.
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one.
Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
Midfielder signed for City for a fee of £24million from Barcelona in 2010.
Mark Hughes, the then City boss, begun a plan to sign Kolo Toure in an attempt to entice Yaya along.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban.
Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Bolt is the fastest man of all time, but Gay is close behind him.
Microsoft said it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their Apple and Android apps to run on devices that use the new Windows 10 operating system.
New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Microsoft also announced a new name for the web browser that it plans to offer with Windows 10.
Brent Council said it couldn't afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London.
This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.
The pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home.
In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000.
Kevin Coulton put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout.
But the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin.
Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller look.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001.
They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail.
Male and female peacocks became more alert and moved around when the low noises were played back to them by researchers.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace.
Prince William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks' paternity leave.
He will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave, aides said.
Kate plans to deliver her child at the Lindo Wing, where the cost of giving birth naturally is up to £10,000.
Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing role at BBC.
The 53-year-old was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank's Swiss division.
She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated March 20.
Sandstorm swept across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates over a period of seven days.
It began on April 1, when high winds whipped up the sandstorm in northern Saudi Arabia before it consolidated.
The following day, it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in Dubai.
By April 4, it was beginning to stretch across the Arabia Sea towards Pakistan and India.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it was found.
Weapon also becomes unreliable when left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report.
Britain's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the G36C – and have a total arsenal of up to 3,000.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28.
Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
Richards was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel last week.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula.
They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south April 11.
Instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs.
A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen.
He also became an iconic wartime figure – and the stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth.
The goggles were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009.
Six years, one marriage and two children later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature.
Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
At one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'
The 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating Minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide.
She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway, to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an 'unimaginably cruel' trade.
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.
The former Cuban president greeted Venezuelans in Havana on Monday.
He was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in January 2014.
Cubadebate on Friday published four images that show Castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper.
She was in the car with her mother and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
Piper's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday.
The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.
The topic of their argument is not yet known.
Keltsie was found dead in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl was sleeping in the next room.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic this season.
But he wasn't rewarded with a call-up to the Holland national team.
Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila believes standard of Scottish football makes no difference to Holland's decision-making.
Lazio will face Empoli in the Coppa Italia final on Sunday.
Senad Lulic scored the winning goal in Lazio's 1-0 win over Napoli.
Lazar will now face Juventus in the final on June 7.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month.
It will cost $25,000 a night, breaking records for the largest suite in Los Angeles.
Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and scarves in the LA suite.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, married Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital Bandar Seri Begawan.
The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems.
Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities, and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other on gilded thrones.
Malaysian state rulers and the governor of Saudi Arabia were also in
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City had beaten United four consecutive times going into the game.
United's website claimed the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes.
But is this the case? If so, should we just chalk it off as nothing more than a bad game for the defending champions?
Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy against Seattle Sounders.
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
Gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season.
The three ex-cops were caught on camera smoking marijuana in a new video produced by YouTube channel Cut.
The video shows the three men smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug.
It was released on April 20, which is regarded by marijuana users as the national day for getting high.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested after anonymous tip.
Police received anonymous tip regarding welfare of 17-month-old son and two girls.
When they arrived at home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, last December, they found children locked in'sparsely furnished' room.
Room was stained with urine and feces and had homemade 'gate'
The children were fed through a gate, and are now thriving in foster care.
Suggs and Kangas have been handed six-year suspended sentences.
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government.
As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use the word Genocide.
The word literally means 'killing a tribe' from the Greek 'genos' meaning 'race' or 'kind'
John Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0.
The former England captain racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.
Charlie Austin made himself known to the centre-back late in the first half.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.
The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million)
The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC.
A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
E
BBC bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their TVs.
They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem.
But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram.
It trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos.
The World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House has been listed third on the list with 134,641.
Nearly 60 million photos are uploaded to Instagram each day.
Rory McIlroy will tee off alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by the three-time Masters champion.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009.
The cancer had spread to his brain and lungs at the age of 33.
Hartson has reflected on how cancer made him change his life.
Clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in the Cotswolds.
Opening the auction in aid of Chipping Norton's lido, he said: 'In the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not'
He also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job.
Insurers are dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less.
They offer lower premiums to motorists who have jobs done mainly by women.
Insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who are likely to be male.
Kamron Taylor, 23, fled from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, at about 3am Wednesday.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Taylor, a convicted murderer, is considered armed and dangerous.
A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to his capture.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4.
The book told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager.
Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea.
Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
The 25-year-old has one year left on his current deal.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain.
She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.
But surgeons operating on the Indiana University student discovered the growth was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth.
Dr Hrayr Shahinian has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404 - an online support group for LGBT teenagers.
She receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself.
The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday.
Jackie McNamara's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for first time in 29 years.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow.
Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at the O2 in London on May 30.
Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield.
Gavin had been due to face South African Chris van Heerden in Birmingham on May 9 but has jumped at the chance to fight for a world title.
Joe Arpaio, who calls himself ‘America’s Toughest Sheriff’, and the former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday.
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday.
The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Montenegro allegedly tried to attack another woman, 'running at her with her fists raised'
The short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
It bore the inscription: 'To my dear Mamma, this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by her affectionate daughter, Victoria'
Raheem Sterling is at loggerheads with Liverpool over a new deal.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Sterling.
The Bernabeu legend has been managing the Spanish giants' Castilla B-Team.
The 29-year-old actor has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011.
The pair got together in 2011 shortly after she split from Jude Law.
He is set to star in the West End play American Buffalo this year.
Also starring alongside Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Natalie Portman.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers.
But after wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised it was 'bankruptcy'
He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres.
Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst but were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided.
He suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm.
Now he believes someone was watching over him that day.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.
Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today left the door open to a second referendum.
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a chance to decide on the future of the 300-year-old Union.
But Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years, prompting opponents to claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis'
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola is without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, drank 1.92g of the energy drink every day.
She was so dependent on the drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure.
The law student spent a staggering £5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009.
Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams.
Clermont were thrashed 37-5 by English champions in Champions Cup.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting Northampton to an open training session.
The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc says his side must play as if they have nothing to lose.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension.
Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured and David Luiz is also a fitness doubt.
For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web.
Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.
Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
The Queen, who turns 89 today, was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
Prince William described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
But her still-sharp sense of fun did not come as a surprise to her grandsons.
Just last week she was spotted looking animated and crossing her fingers at the Newbury Races while cheering on her filly, Ring of Truth.
Darius the rabbit currently holds the record for being the world's biggest rabbit.
But his son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge him.
The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer.
Inter Milan are prepared to offer the Ivory Coast midfielder a five-year deal.
Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro.
Scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old.
The technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.
Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted.
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards.
41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
One in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik.
The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'
If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat.
However, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265.
Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.
Sutcliffe says he knew chairman Stafford Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
Leila Alavi had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei.
The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser was found stabbed to death in a car park in Sydney's west.
Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra.
Police allege that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on Ms Alavi.
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target.
Law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest.
Leah Williamson took a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway.
Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend.
But instead of ordering her back to the spot, she awarded a free-kick to Norway.
Brady Olson, 43, is being hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning.
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey.
The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station.
Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
The high-end resort, which opened in 2010, is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park.
Visitors can overlook the ocean, read the papers, feast on fresh orange juice, and enjoy a classy breakfast.
Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds.
Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film.
Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday.
The club are looking to tie up a move for the PSV Eindhoven winger.
United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international.
PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach'
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People.
The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary.
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration.
He will say: 'We will deal with people's concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed'
But shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year.
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast.
At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab.
He then begins singing along himself – loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
Property prices soared by 10% in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5%.
London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6% over the next year.
It follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4% in the capital.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Pacquiao has promised to be on time - and you can watch it here.
The ex Bon Jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'
Sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19.
His shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Terry was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA.
Chelsea defender Gary Cahill has backed Terry to shrug off hostile reception.
Tom Ince scored twice as Derby drew 4-4 with Huddersfield.
The on-loan Hull player is currently on loan at Derby.
Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 to keep playoff hopes alive.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt.
Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 in final regular-season game.
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind.
It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle.
She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings.
When she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car, she told Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.
Further down the road, she said, the driver got out of his van in traffic and made rude hand
Easter is just around the corner so we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session.
Starting at the bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules.
A 67-kilogram woman who ate only four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt, and the calories melted away.
Missie Smile, known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman'
The 'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup.
Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award.
The 26-year-old scored twice in the semi-final against England.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Jimmy Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Rory McIlroy could become just sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday.
McIlroy goes into this week's Masters as favourite but he's aiming for more than trophies.
Paul McGinley, Europe's Ryder Cup captain extraordinaire, says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round on Wednesday.
Gary Bowyer wanted to include John O'Sullivan in the match.
O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley when the first tie was played at Anfield.
Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use the 21-year-old.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January.
The 24-year-old has been demoted to the substitutes' bench in recent months.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has benefited from competition for places brought by the £3.2m signing of Colombian Ospina from Nice last summer.
Man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell.
The station, which also serves the Victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift.
The incident left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm.
Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim.
Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them, the ICO said.
One elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex.
The pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to his girlfriend, Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road.
Together they read:'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
But sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona.
The corporation caved in after the town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme.
Mayor Enrique Maya said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis.
The two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain.
A CT scan proved Ava had the condition - usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old.
In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull.
Seven months after her surgery Ava, now six, is 'a completely different child'
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother Kellie Phillips.
They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
Jamie Carragher flew out to watch his son play for the Under 12s.
The former Liverpool defender watched James play in the Mediterranean International Cup in Girona.
Carragher was a columnist for Sportsmail and a pundit for Sky Sports.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street before the race.
He was unable to remember where he had parked it after five hours 11 minutes.
Mr Matthews spent hours searching for his car, even retracing some of the marathon route.
A Good Samaritan gave up his day off to join the search and found it safe and sound.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to an upmarket street in London on Tuesday.
The 48-year-old was lured on the pretence of providing a quote for work.
But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his car.
Killer got into rear seat and shot him several times, it is thought.
Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether he was murdered on the orders of the regime.
Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO and co-founder, said virtual reality will play a key role in the future of travel.
The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed.
For U.S. moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck somehow opened as it was moving.
A plastic bag with a'substantial amount of money' was blown out.
Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted.
Lindsay Sandiford is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine.
The 58-year-old has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'
Her friend Andrew Chan is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners.
Indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles – then 20 – at the Caernarfon Castle ceremony.
The Government sent Metropolitan Police officers to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists who had already set off a series of bombs.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed.
He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean'
He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered.
The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run.
The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Researchers hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, and Marc, 15, drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
Marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first.
The boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent Coral Way district.
Their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General, was appointed to her new position in November, but only arrived in Miami in February.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million.
Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views.
But one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom, while the other has four.
The homes are the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row in Poole, Dorset.
Prime Minister said Scottish National Party would prop up minority Labour administration.
But Lib Dem minster Danny Alexander accused PM of 'playing with fire'
Comes as polls indicate General Election race is still neck and neck.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night.
TV cameras captured the moment he was hauled away by police following the game.
Muliaina earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup.
Porto have received £440million from player sales in the last 11 years.
Jose Mourinho's side have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez.
Heather Livergood, 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob following a trip to Grantsville, Utah, last year.
She discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg, who got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war.
Her adoptive parents were told they had already adopted two boys and wanted a girl but they couldn't have anymore.
Jaime Singleton saw a baby elephant tied up outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year.
The change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!'
It has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago.
Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals, and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour.
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war.
He will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region, it has been claimed.
Also said to have revealed Putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states in a direct challenge to Nato's promise to defend the countries from Soviet-style Russian expansionism.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are both absent for Tottenham.
Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the clash at Villa Park.
Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are all set to miss out.
Lewis Hamilton finished ahead of Nico Rosberg in the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton was absolved of any blame by Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of being'selfish' following their one-two finish.
Rita Ora has collaborated with adidas Originals.
The 24-year-old singer has created a range that is as daring and vibrant as her.
She also recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Saturday night.
Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement.
Villa chief executive Tom Fox said Lerner was delighted by the win.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing Premier League games without an agreement with official broadcasters in November 2006.
He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
Instead he opted instead to show Albanian transmissions of matches, which he thought was legal.
But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago.
Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal.
Retired engineer Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum.
The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe.
Queen Letizia welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to Casa Real.
Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen.
Letizia was making her second appearance at an awards show in just two days.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded.
Organisers spent $10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from Florida.
West Bromwich Albion host Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies are eight points clear of the relegation zone.
Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.
George Osborne said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance.
He insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance.
Today, as he begins a tour of all four nations of the UK, David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from the 'disaster' of a Miliband government.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
He was arrested with eight relatives in a remote Turkish border town earlier this month.
It is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman.
The remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.
The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains when he was struck by a falling icicle.
Blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him in pain and unable to walk.
He decided to perform surgery on himself using items from his first aid kit.
Using a gas lamp, a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle, he sews up the wound, creating large, rustic-looking stitches.
Two weeks later, he was casually sitting on an armchair in the snow, having completely recovered.
The beer will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services.
The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple.
There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won't be available in shops.
Xu spent 12,000 yuan (£1,311) buying a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties.
The young bride, known only as Wang, is also mentally impaired.
Xu tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time.
He is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang city in eastern China.
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1.
The great-grandmother had only celebrated her most recent birthday on March 5, where she said she thought her life had been 'rather short'
She was recognised as the world's oldest person by the Guinness World Records in 2013.
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy.
The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.
She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
It kept her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours.
Despite her ordeal, Caitlin is now 10 months old and is able to feed and play.
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to models' traditional portfolios.
The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany.
He was rescued after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom.
Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.
A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.
Skaf was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women and teenage girls in Sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics.
Manchester City have increased the number of £299 season tickets available.
Some fans have been informed that their tickets will cost £1,750.
Club say the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium's expansion.
David Silva did not suffer any fractures in Sunday's win over West Ham.
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash on Tuesday morning.
The 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle.
Heneyekane made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Scientists announced today that measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks.
The findings are part of a series of scientific results obtained by scientists analyzing data collected by the Philae lander and its mothership Rosetta.
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios.
The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein.
Google has stepped in to showcase as much of it to the public as possible, in a range of ways.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama.
This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
In 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65.
Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, used to live at home with his mother.
He worked as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria.
Entitled 'Dealing with sisters and social media', the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies.
Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991.
The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case.
He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Aaron Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
Police said Mitchell ran several red lights before driving into Mr Davis, and his co-worker, Brian Lee LaFrance, 28.
Mr Davis died at the scene and LaFrance was treated and released from hospital.
Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.
Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud'
Cyclists approached a crossing over a train track at the Paris-Roubaix race.
But as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them.
The racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise.
A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation and stop more cyclists risking their safety for the race.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'
A judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Officers from Edinburgh division posted pictures of Lego models on Facebook.
They were accompanied by a Scots dialect poem giving advice.
But the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians.
Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7% in the 12 months to April 2014.
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in Tijuana.
They arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border.
The 66ft deep route was wired with lights and ventilation.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola's side also face FC Porto in the Champions League quarter final.
Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government.
The 41-year-old was investigated over claims she had accepted bribes.
She was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister Ion Ariton, who was charged with abuse of power.
Udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record.
Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16.
River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over Bolivian side San Jose.
Duchess of Cambridge has worn Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS.
The mid-range label has taken her through everything from evening events to international tours.
Kate is also a huge fan of a small Anglo-French label called Séraphine.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women.
This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
The exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95.
Other examples highlighted on the website, which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further.
Amanda Curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will appear in ITV's new comedy show, Newzoids.
They will be joined by an even more amusing version of Prince Harry.
The show, which has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image, starts later this month.
Stuart McCall insists he is loving life at Rangers despite losing heavily to Queen of the South.
The former Motherwell manager admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall.
McDowall quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.
She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.
Her mother Heather has said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura.
Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the flu sooner.
Inter held to goalless draw by Inter in the 214th Derby della Madonnina.
Inter owner Erick Thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the 'eyes of the world' would be fixed on the game.
The atmosphere was electric in the San Siro despite the disappointing seasons both sides are experiencing.
The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies.
Tiger Woods showed up with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown.
Vonn accessorized extravagantly for the event with a Louis Viutton purse and a diamond-encrusted watch.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton.
The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer but will continue working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground to prepare him for the new season.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section.
The 29-year-old thought she was going to die when she gave birth in Benidorm.
Couple have been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months.
But soldier Jordan Jackson, 21, will report back for service tomorrow.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March.
The Arsenal striker became France's 16th winner of the accolade.
Giroud netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins.
He joined a long list of compatriots to be ranked as a month's best player.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with pet cat Kimchi in Puss Puss.
The cat fancier loves crunchy 'human food' and taramasalata would be his 'death row dish'
Gizzi also recently added a new addition to her cat family, Ponzu.
Select Amazon Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code.
As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked.
Amazon said it is also looking into ways to extend the service to other Prime members with different vehicles in different regions.
Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller lost their 17-month-old daughter Rowyn in September last year.
Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over the little girl.
The women helped each other through the tragedy, which occurred on September 16.
They now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn and held their first fundraiser this month in Washington.
Letter from White Star Lines to family of James Moody, 24, who died on board Titanic.
Company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body to England.
They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial.
Letter has come to light after being listed for auction by a collector.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011.
Taking to the witness box to give evidence, Mee firmly denied the allegations.
He branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar.
Grant Shapps accused of deleting embarrassing references from his own page.
Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site, known only as ‘Contribsx’, after finding evidence it suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his ‘clear direction’
Mr Shapps has denied the allegations claiming they were part of an ‘extreme dirty tricks campaign’
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot on Thursday morning.
He was suspected of killing Archie Brown Jr, 40, and Rasheed Chiles, 15, on Sunday.
Brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry.
Damani's brother, Rasheed, was also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident.
Chiles III was with his girlfriend at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois.
The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.
When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands.
However, they maintained that Hernandez's notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision.
Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name.
John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda.
Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford.
The 30-year-old insists he is keen on staying at the Vicente Calderon.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's training ground methods are superior to the previous management's.
The Ibrox winger is full of praise for the impact McCall has had.
Templeton says he was not attacking the qualities of McCoist or McDowall.
Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915.
Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites.
In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision.
He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. However, first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow.
Seven costumes from the 1965 classic are going up for auction at Nate D. Sanders on April 30.
They include a pair of lederhosen-style outfits worn by the von Trapp children.
The costumes are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off.
Celebrities with a home cinema include Benedict Cumberbatch, Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
And this week we learnt that the Beckhams want one, too.
Plans submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’
The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average British living room.
Manny Pacquiao will wear multi-million pound shorts when he takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
The boxer's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m)
Pacquiao was visited by Sylvester Stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet-ups on Saturday.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body.
The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag on Saturday morning before his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out.
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000.
His Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective.
It says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes after using the company’s TimberSIL product.
The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at Garza's Kon-Tiki.
He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie posted a video of him pulling out his son's tooth with a Chevy muscle car.
The video shows him revving up the engine before pulling the tooth clean out.
James, eight, had been asking him for days to extract the tooth before he finally relented.
Mr Abercrome's fiancee Bianca Huertas, to whom he has been engaged since 2010, seems to have been less keen on the idea, but eventually gave in.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
He has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at.
Police questioned mother and daughter and now consider the case closed.
Iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., 63, who died of a heart attack in 2012.
Alpha kangaroo Roger was gifted a soft toy bunny by a fan.
He quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
When he tried to take it off him he was met with hostility.
LeBron James said drills at the dentist are the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season.
The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday.
James delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in their march towards the playoffs.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in basement of Fulham cafe as bricks fell.
But miraculously she was not seriously injured and was taken to hospital.
She had been walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up prescription.
As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards.
A worker from the Marrakech Express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee.
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-1 to return to the Football League.
Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Barnet will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida.
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south.
At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Stancil, who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols, said he is a neo-Nazi who is looking out for his
Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He denies murdering three patients and poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
The Filipino father-of-two has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Shanghai Grand Prix.
The Briton now has a record five poles to his name at the track.
Nico Rosberg finished 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate.
Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Costa aggravated the problem in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Spain striker was already certain to miss the games against Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United but had hoped to return in time for the clash against Arsenal on April 26.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed.
He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs'
His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness.
Koby was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham in 2012.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home.
Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday.
Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.
Witnesses said the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected'
The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Ian Botham.
Anderson 'wouldn’t say boo to a goose' says his old county captain Warren Hegg.
England's best bowler has always been at his best when left alone.
Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to play his natural game.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert.
The pair square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades.
Kahn revealed he didn't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years.
The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.
The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.
When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
Now Fulton's attorney has released a statement.
He said: 'I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die'
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament.
The figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30.
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer'
The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group.
It is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.
It was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster.
The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
Jardim and Arsene Wenger fell out after Wenger refused to shake his hand.
Arsenal have won their last eight games in the Premier League.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair.
He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week.
Pierce is now gearing up to run the Boston Marathon this month, but there was once a time he couldn't walk at all.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual advances by six women.
He has strongly denied the accusations in an interview with CNN.
'Women likes me. Women loves me,' he said.
His name is attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts.
Jones, 32, held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring.
The audience and viewers were baffled as to why Jones had his phone in his shorts.
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by Kenneth Ward, 67, naked apart from socks and boots.
The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona.
Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Seven women, some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah, were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man.
The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named Kayla.
Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves.
Mayweather eats five meals and consumes 8,000 calories daily.
Pacquiao has met with President Obama, President Clinton and Prince Harry.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, study claims.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, research claims.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa.
Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days.
They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge after leaving Durban yesterday.
About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos.
Their plight emerged as South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season.
Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old.
Club legend Steve Heighway predicted Gerrard would be a success.
Heighway described Gerrard as 'outstanding' and 'one for the future'
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka.
The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
They have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh.
He claims to have helped Stefani get into shape before her 2009 U.S tour.
But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon.
Police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business.
They believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life.
AC Milan have slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain.
Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue'
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow property off-plan after splitting from Michael in 2011.
She paid £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013.
It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million.
The self-made multi-millionaire will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court charged with murder.
He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it emerged.
Miss Buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing following a night out.
Her body was found by police at a farm six miles north of Glasgow.
Pacteau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle's squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham.
The midfielder has twice beaten testicular cancer.
Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by the Magpies.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club.
Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
The Baggies are 13th in the Premier League table.
Tony Pulis has been assured the deal will be done by July.
More than 1,200 people were arrested during a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire.
Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash.
At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
Some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Gang of four used angle grinder to try and break into cashpoint in Kenilworth.
They spent eight minutes trying to access vault before speeding off in Audi RS7.
The Audi had been stolen from a house in Bicester in Oxon on September 10.
Gang members Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, were all jailed.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park.
Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.
Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave Hollie life-saving CPR.
She was then rushed to hospital, where she was put into an induced coma.
But the teenager then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season after 31 games.
But the Gunners have the same record as they did at this stage last season.
Arsene Wenger's side beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have same record.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning winner against Newcastle on Sunday.
Defoe admitted he had to question whether it was even happening.
The 32-year-old striker looked overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf shortly after putting Sunderland into a 1-0 lead.
Maggio, 52, sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community.
He revealed the Hollywood actress had adopted two months before she announced it publically.
Maggio initially pretended a friend had handled Theron's adoption, before admitting that he was also involved in the case.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks on Instagram.
The model, 29, was praised by her fans for the picture.
Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit.
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal.
The Ivorian striker has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at Stamford Bridge this season.
Drogba insists he tried to give the best of his physical capacity against QPR.
The sprawling house was built on the site of an old telephone exchange.
It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales.
But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses.
The transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the UK.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Gunners have won seven on the spin in the league this season.
Arsene Wenger's side have not conceded more than once since New Year's Day.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire named eighth best restaurant in the world.
Dinner by Heston Blumenthal at Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park also in top 25.
Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retains crown for fourth year running.
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo.
Miss Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, stopped to photograph the struggle.
After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches.
But it ran straight for the road instead before running into the side of Ms Gerber's car.
Power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators.
Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city.
Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his Jack Russell Sam.
The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.
Mr Cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset.
The group included professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
Mr Davies said: 'It was incredibly dangerous, the sea was 10 metres below Andrei, crashing against jagged rocks'
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'
But crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them.
Miliband said a Labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks.
Man, who has not been identified, shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood.
Police revealed it was not the first time he had sparked security concerns.
Last week he was escorted off the premises after vandalizing ex-girlfriend's car.
But despite court orders banning him from the park, he was spotted at 2.15pm.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
One woman told Southwark Crown Court that she saw Mee as a father figure after he helped her join the Army.
The Girl In The Spider's Web will be the fourth installment in the Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson.
It was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency.
Dubai started construction on a Ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher.
New York Wheel promises stunning panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline.
It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
The 25-year-old picked up the injury in QPR's 4-1 win over West Brom.
Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Sarah Brennan, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope.
They were told they'd never conceive naturally.
But last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early.
Tony McCoy won 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby in 2013.
McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester than any course in Britain.
He outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out.
The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Grealish inspired Villa to FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday.
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments.
Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.
No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder.
The Manor driver was introduced to the facilities by Michael Johnson Performance, the training company founded by the four-time Olympic champion.
Stevens has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine, located in the altitude chamber.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.
Mr Scott's father, Walter Scott, Sr., said: 'Thank you for another son, God, thank you. You've got a family in Charleston right now... anytime'
Santana, a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic, said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know precisely how their son had died.
Paula Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25.
Radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot, which made it difficult for her even to walk short distances two months ago.
The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended in Sydney on Thursday night.
The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers.
Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Sheffield's Ponds Forge.
The 29-year-old was a 10-time ladies' champion.
She had led twice during the opening session before Doherty went 5-4 in front.
Doherty, now ranked No 46 in the world, showed his experience to close out the contest.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has refused to comment on whether he is heading for the Premier League.
Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign.
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was 26 when she woke up in excruciating pain in October 2012.
Her pain continued to return every time she tried to eat anything, leading her to visit two more hospitals in search of a new diagnosis and a cure.
Three months after her first visit to the emergency room, she was finally diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, a condition that affects less than.01 per cent of people.
Within months she had dropped to a startling 80lbs, and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals.
The Yeatman is Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia.
All of its 82 rooms face the river, and almost all of them are themed after a Portuguese winery.
Guests can pay extra to sample premium Port wines, which are aged in thousands of barrels.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the West.
He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya has become a'shame'
But senior Conservative minister William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit.
Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity.
The district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance.
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend.
Stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team.
The 23-year-old missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue.
Stephanie, 13, from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her astronaut father.
The NASA employee is a keen photographer and likes to take pictures of the earth.
She decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the International Space Station.
Tracey Cox says eye contact is the most effective way to get someone's attention.
She says it takes more than just simple eye contact to get them interested.
The simple act of blinking can also make someone aware that you're attracted.
Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m.
A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated.
The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home, Kincora.
He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr.
Mr Kerr claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini.
Carragher and Neville believe Mourinho will have a special plan to stop United's run of form.
The pair were speaking as part of Monday Night Football ahead of Liverpool vs Newcastle United.
Details of contract signed between Blair and Colombian government in 2013.
Fees paid to Tony Blair Associates for work advising Colombia on its mining industry.
Mr Blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich'
But critics have questioned the role of a former Prime Minister working for other sovereign states.
NSW Homicide Squad Commander Mick Willing said on Friday: 'One of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring'
He said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry'
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike.
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.
It has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back, with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike’s innards.
The bike is recharged by removing the battery and recharging it at home.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault.
The Sudanese refugee allegedly touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately at the Enmore Theatre in Sydney's inner-west on Australia Day.
He was granted bail on strict conditions, including that he not leave his home at night without being accompanied by at least one of his parents.
Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park.
The 40-year-old was handed the trophy by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once.
Jafar Adeli, 32, was snared by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting.
Adeli arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl.
He agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey to Leicester.
But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, Adeli was confronted by police.
Video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend to school officials.
The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair.
Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at three-years-old.
She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14.
Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
Teenager has plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs.
The move is the latest evidence of how the nation's favourite brands are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices.
It means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ‘shrinkflation’
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire.
He had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard.
Coroner ruled death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool.
Family are now raising awareness and money for survival swimming classes.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death in January last year.
She then dumped his body in woods in Kircaldy, Fife, before dumping it.
His death came just six months after he was returned to her care.
Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years.
Review into whether care teams could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
Labour leader said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month'mansion tax'
But claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one.
Claim comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens.
Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home.
William has created a secluded retreat for Kate, George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk.
The Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth - as will Kate’s mother, Carole, to help with childcare and housekeeping.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold.
The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the plunge.
Daley won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai.
Rangers host Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in the Championship.
David Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
The winger insists he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed in maroon.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday.
Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment and travel around the world.
The extreme sportsman is also a photographer and his girlfriend is a model.
Their travels take them across the globe, from their California base to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset.
Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola’s treble-winning debut season.
Thousands stranded on trains near Clapham Junction during rush hour.
One passenger compared conditions in her carriage to an oven.
Police boarded the trains to hand out water and paramedics were on hand.
Passengers were not allowed to leave the trains by themselves due to safety concerns.
Russian SU-27 Flanker 'aggressively' intercepted U.S. RC-135U over Poland, Pentagon claims.
Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Spokesman Mark Wright said Russian jet performed 'aggressive maneuvers' at high speed.
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat.
CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56.
Mr Tanner said he was left feeling violated and vulnerable after Adams stole money.
Adams was convicted of three counts of theft but escaped with restraining order.
Ashley Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match.
Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young's peg in the dressing room.
Shaw says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27.
But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3.
The tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo.
All of the blue lanes lead towards departures, while the red track leads to arrivals.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration.
The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par.
Lincicombe's first LPGA tour victory since 2011.
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's shot.
The Reading goalkeeper is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the FA Cup final.
Federici has been backed to bounce back by Reading boss Steve Clarke.
Khadijah Dare, 22, was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State.
She regularly takes to Twitter to issue violent threats, including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a Westerner.
But her mother Victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life.
Mrs Dare also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian as a child but turned to Islam while at college.
Anzac Day is the exception when it comes to public holidays.
If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday.
Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick due to the lack of an Anzac Day public holiday.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
The Englishman fell outside the world’s top 10 last month.
Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
The photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes.
Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled True Love.
Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric.
Adam Johnson was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
The 26-year-old was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming.
Johnson has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012.
Dundee United host Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday.
United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee's recent slide.
San Bernardino County parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails.
But a shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park caused the fire to spread.
At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses.
One shed and one vehicle were engulfed in flames but fortunately no homes were damaged by the blaze.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Scottish First Minister says Miliband 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may'
She reiterated her call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out'
Latest polls indicate the General Election race is still neck-and-neck.
Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the grassroots.
He said Labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's demolition of Sunderland.
Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for the winger to leave.
Palace boss says his players will be 'difficult to take away'
Tanguy Pepiot had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy.
The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second.
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Wavertree, Liverpool.
But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme.
The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday.
The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig.
Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants.
The problem has been shared thousands of times online as people try to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 2-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal with a late goal.
Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views.
He posted an 84-minute compilation video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Lewis Hamilton will start ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel.
Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Rosberg.
Vettel qualified third but could threaten Hamilton's supremacy with Ferrari.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home.
Despite being told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself.
He had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.
Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
The four Swedes were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway.
They stopped a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train.
One of the Swedes put the attacker in an arm lock, while two others held him down to the floor until the police arrived.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game.
The Denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped.
Tyrone Sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Monday begging to stay in Australia.
His mother Maria Sevilla and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today.
This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future'
Patrick Bamford scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Wolves.
Boro had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two.
The Blues loanee has scored 17 goals in one season for Boro.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes to give insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley History Festival.
The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor.
Visitors to the festival will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving British Dambuster George 'Johnny' Johnson, and Battle of Britain fighter pilot Tom Neil.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.
Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.
But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year.
They were born with a rare condition called diprosopus, which means they share the same body and organs but have separate brains and two faces.
Their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope, but when they arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
'We were devastated and mortified. We've had a little shrine set up and we've been adding to it since the funeral,' Mr Howie said.
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since Saturday.
Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri.
He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
Nick Cousins left court holding hands with his Filipino wife Herminia Garcia.
The 53-year-old was arrested after her daughter, Blanca Cousins, fell.
She was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for 20 years.
Mr Cousins was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged Blanca's birth had not been registered.
He has not been charged and is on bail.
More than 140 children removed from classes in Washington because they did not have required vaccinations.
Health experts have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic.
Virus has swept several states in America and California and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago.
They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, US government sources say.
The 48-year-old has been held without charge or trial for more than 13 years.
He is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo Bay and has twice been cleared for release.
His imprisonment is embarrassing for David Cameron, who said Obama had vowed to prioritise the detainee’s release after White House talks in January.
Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.
On Earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot.
The buggy can also be controlled remotely, and in the future Nasa says this system can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving.
Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
She says Dove's campaign exploits our need to act modestly.
Michael Owen has said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five.
Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone.
The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI.
The study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds.
Jason Robinson: Sports Life Stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on Tuesday.
The 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan.
Robinson played a key role in England's 2003 World Cup win against Australia.
San Bernardino County approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a closed meeting.
Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel at the Crucible.
O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match against Matthew Stevens.
The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead.
Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities.
Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage.
This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices.
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot.
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed.
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night.
Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes.
Biso squeezed into hole in wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010.
But he soon became to big to escape thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo.
He fed him scraps of food every day and even visited the station to feed Biso during the revolution in Egypt in 2011.
Sir John Major said SNP would use any power they wield to foster division.
He said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP.
Sir John warned of'mayhem' if SNP holds the balance of power.
But Ms Sturgeon branded comments 'an affront to democracy'
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough for the season.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion.
Bamford has just over a year left on his deal at Stamford Bridge.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United.
The 25-year-old defender had been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Smalling has made 147 appearances for United and won two Premier League titles.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters'
Around 1,300 people have drowned trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats.
Up to 950 perishing off Italian island of Lampedusa over the weekend alone.
Mr Endean, who is seeking election in Plymouth, Devon, has apologised.
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26.
Bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years.
Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.
It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
Deacon Ken Bilgrien of St Patrick's said the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup, but declined to discuss the controversy.
French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.
Both images are judged independently by people on the street - who guess vastly different ages.
Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were spotted at Wing's Chinese restaurant on Sunday night.
Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan at the five-star restaurant following United's 4-2 derby win.
She later deleted the post and issued an apology on Facebook.
Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with Wayne Rooney among its regulars.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.
The 61-year-old was told she only had nine months to three years to live.
She lost her battle to cancer last Thursday at an Adelaide nursing home.
Four days before she died, her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha, 40, and Kelly, 38, noticed her ring was missing from her finger.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho gave Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time.
The Reds settled the replay through Coutinho's second-half strike.
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable'
After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page.
This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol.
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out.
Young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone intoxicated.
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent her final sex change operation last week.
She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released four days early.
The former boxing promoter is now recovering at home with children.
Thief scaled two-storey antique market before squeezing down shaft.
He picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams.
Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and escaping.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final.
Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for £7million.
Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth.
The A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife.
University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.
The student says that traditional means of earning failed to support her.
She even visited some clients at their workplace.
More than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry.
PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008, ending Ajax's four-year reign.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland.
The 21-year-old has been linked with a £25million move to Manchester United.
Depay has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
She says that it's been amazing to see her social media following grow.
In the future she would love to be the female Jamie Oliver.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.
Manuel Pellegrini's side trailed at the interval against Crystal Palace on Monday night.
The last time City won having been in a losing position  was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2 having been 2-1 down at the break.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic.
But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation.
Sir Andrew Motion, now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside.
The NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her.
The woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness.
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
Gay's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy.
Some of them held signs that read, 'Will you go to prom with me?'
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession.
Chelsea won 1-0 against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Mourinho has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains.
Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt.
If you can't wangle living there full-time, then Barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination.
No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona, from Roman walls to the fantastical creations of Gaudi.
At the foot of the hotel is Frank Gehry's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish, El Peix d'Or, installed to mark the 1992 Olympics.
Cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's side struggled to get into their rhythm.
Thibaut Courtois made a series of impressive saves to deny Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
But a recorded conversation between Weinstein and the model shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.
'He didn't deny doing what she said he did to her,' a source told the New York Daily News.
He voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Jared McCarroll, head chef at M Restaurant and Grill, says the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping.
Allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking, he advises.
The shape and thickness of the steak is also important; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44 from Riviera Beach, Florida, have been charged with child neglect.
The couple locked two of their children in a closet for days on end, forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school.
Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the first leg on Wednesday night.
Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011.
Shanice Farier, 22, stole £15,336 from Kanoo Travel in Derby.
She spent it staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle'
Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up, wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag.
Judge John Burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work.
England dominated against a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets for 10 runs.
Stokes described Cook as one of the best batsmen in the world.
System will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors.
Sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'
The decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27.
A flare, hurled from the stands, hit Igor Akinfeev on the head.
Referee Deniz Aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes.
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors while fining the nation £36,280.
Scott Sinclair is on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City.
The winger has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa.
Sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent soon.
Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra'
The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'
Campaign group Collective Shout claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification.
The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January.
The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Spanish giants.
Odegaard has found life tough at Real Madrid in recent weeks.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters.
The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory.
Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state.
Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day.
Many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang.
Tang was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves.
The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Lord Fellowes, 65, is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV.
Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast.
TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville and Lily James would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary in the new TV adaptation.
Zachary Davis, now 17, was 15 when he was arrested for the murder of his mother Melanie Davis, 46, while she was sleeping in her bed in August 2012.
Davis told police that he killed his mother with a sledgehammer because she knew he had been raped by his older brother and did nothing about it.
On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how he laughed as he killed her and tried to kill his brother by burning down the house.
In testimony given to the court by Major Don Linzy, Chief of Detectives at the Sumner County Sheriff's Office, Davis confessed after
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Virgil van Dijk scored the only goal of the game for the Hoops.
Ronny Deila's side can reopen an eight-point lead over Aberdeen.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force.
Saracens are the only English team left in this weekend's Champions Cup semi-finals.
Ireland legend says domestic game needs to readdress the balance.
The girls at the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18, however in a concession to safety, the knives are not real.
Every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the WBC super-middleweight title.
Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113, and the third had it even at 114-114.
George Groves will fight Jack as he is mandatory challenger.
Survey of 2,071 people surveyed by Matalan for Made for Modern Families campaign.
22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws.
But below grandparents at 26 per cent, according to the survey.
More than one in 10 British families now live in 'blended' families.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up.
England will leave St Kitts and head to Antigua for the first Test.
Captain Alastair Cook made 22 runs in the morning session before retiring.
Colin Farrell, 38, says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.
He has been linked with a string of the world's most famous beauties.
The Irish actor is currently starring in the second series of True Detective.
But he insists that his time is dedicated to clean living and seeing his sons.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test.
Ali recovered quicker than expected from a rib injury in the World Cup.
The batsman struggled with the short delivery against Sri Lanka and India.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen.
The 25-year-old has lived in the United Kingdom for seven years.
Bedene beat Maxime Chazal of France 6-3 6-2 in Casablanca Open qualifying.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today.
Officers arrested Rashid at Luton Airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the Terrorism Act 2006.
Linda Shute has banned drinks including tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks.
But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Mrs Shute announced her aims by enforcing the rule in a school newsletter last month.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area.
When officers arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down.
The vehicle's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver, it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash.
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast.
Brady had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
Kelly Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos pulled off a brilliant April Fool as they co-hosted Live! With Kelly And Michael on Wednesday morning.
China has hit back at U.S. President Barack Obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea.
Only yesterday, Obama claimed Beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions'
But a furious Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
The war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands.
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli received the most abuse with more than 8,000 abusive messages directed at him and Arsenal's Danny Welbeck faced 1,700.
In each case, at least 50 per cent of the abuse was racist. Meanwhile Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge received 1,600.
The city that generated the highest volume of discriminatory posts by far was London, with 26,433 recorded during this campaign.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion this summer.
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old defender.
Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to provide more natural balance to his side.
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.
Teasers for the ITV programme show show the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little, well, common.
Plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, sent email.
It revealed interns are paid just £25 per week for 12-hour shifts.
Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying interns will be volunteers.
Amanda Knox, 27, was exonerated of the 2007 murder of British student, Meredith Kercher in Italy in late March.
Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars, but were acquitted in 2011.
The case ultimately went to the Supreme Court and their conviction was overturned.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January.
The 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on BBC's Crimewatch.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that makes it hard for her to socialize.
Her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
So her mother Jenny went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls Mackenzie's age to stop by their family home on Saturday.
The response was overwhelming and more than 700 people joined the event titled, 'McKenzie's Birthday Party'
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor.
A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment.
It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
The goal is to enable people of all sight levels to enjoy shows.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off.
Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday.
Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
The man's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation.
No one has been arrested over the shooting.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
He warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain makes changes.
He said children are'manipulated' by Islamists and Britain needs new approach.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent.
Later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from Herne Bay.
As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face.
He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene.
Dew was found by police hiding in the toilets of a pub close to the victim's home.
Randy Lerner was expected to attend Aston Villa's games.
The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May.
Ben Stokes was given his wicket away by Marlon Samuels in the second Test.
The Durham all-rounder saluted the West Indian on his way.
England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an unbeaten 118 from Joe Root.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather.
The driver, who has not been identified, is said to have just laughed.
He told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, worked at exclusive Tower Hill School in Delaware.
Police raided his mansion, school office and private plane in October 2013.
Found more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts.
One showed naked boy with head being held by adult male while performing sex act.
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day.
Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle.
Xie carries Zhang around the school campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes.
TOWIE star Joey Essex met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby.
The reality star told reporters Farage is a'really, really reem guy'
Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
Essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties.
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday.
She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency and practically unheard of under previous presidents.
Pregnant aides Katie Fallon and Jen Psaki both say they envision working more flexible hours so they can put their babies to bed.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month.
The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
Bradey has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein.
Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year.
About one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, Spain and discovered blood stains.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.
Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs.
This raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used their bony protrusions to attract a mate.
The research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologists for decades.
A pair of turkey-sized ‘egg thief lizards’ dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity on July 17.
Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw, 47, risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
McGraw's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash saying, 'I've never been one to take on controversial issues - I'm a singer'
The $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia in 1933.
They were melted down when the country went off the gold standard.
The family found the valuables in a bank deposit box for their father.
A jury in 2012 sided with the government in a legal dispute.
But the appeals court returned the coins to the Langbords because US officials had not responded within a 90-day limit.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars.
He was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
According to Houston city codes - Burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will redesign the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots.
The uniforms have not been changed for more than a decade.
Mr Grant will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986.
Maradona has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium.
Derbyshire's early finish proved to be the difference between the two teams.
Rotherham are now just two points behind the Championship leaders.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend.
Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.
Liverpool face West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday.
Amir Khan has not fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December.
The Bolton fighter is expected to announce his next opponent soon.
British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday.
When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace'
Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara.
McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week.
United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-town rivals.
Manchester City have gone from joint top to 12 points off the leaders.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike along.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation.
The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season as Wolves drew 1-1 with Ipswich.
The Black Country side were heading for a third successive defeat.
Molineux manager Kenny Jackett had wanted a frenetic start.
Nouha Dicko had been left out of the starting line-up for the previous game at Middlesbrough.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
Perino said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
She said it was like Bush 'expected and needed to hear the anguish, to try to soap up some of her suffering if he could'
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown.
But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail.
Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
Doaa and Umm escaped from brutal al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year.
Pair, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, were smuggled to Turkey.
Said they were heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey rules.
They were given 60 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress, they said.
Now the pair, who are living in Turkey illegally, are scared they will be discovered.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season.
John Stones has the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this season - 90.8%.
Andrew Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year, 17 more than any other Hull defender.
Leonardo Ulloa didn't come cheap for Leicester and must help them survive to avoid dropping down a league.
Dwight Gayle has gone eight games without a goal for Crystal Palace.
Manchester City will lose £500,000-a-man bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season.
Premier League title holders give players incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules.
City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's motivation.
Chris Smalling admitted that United were second best from the first minute to the last.
In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging super-light and strong Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria.
But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry.
By studying the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of Valeyrian steel, he concludes it isn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite.
The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run.
Chris Ramsey's side remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety.
QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle into a 'boring' club.
Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state the club are currently in.
Thousands of fans chose to boycott the Tottenham game in protest of Ashley's tenure at the club.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
Harry Kane could miss the European Under 21 Championship.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision.
Kane could be at the centre of a club vs country row ahead of the tournament.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month.
The 26-year-old was in the Gulf state with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark.
She was with the Crown Prince, whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut.
All 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday or they will be seized.
Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go.
The Villarreal defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle.
Getafe drew level with a Diego Castro header after 64 minutes.
Eamon Sullivan proposed to Naomi Bass in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago.
The former Olympic swimmer has won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games.
Sullivan previously dated fellow swimmer Stephanie Rice for two years before the couple split prior to the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team.
Less than 11% of men opted for team payment, in comparison to 44% of women.
Study could have implications for other areas outside sport, such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business.
Chapman, founder of fashion line Marchesa, is humiliated by her husband she married in 2007, and is someone who has 'loved Harry through his charms and flaws,' a source told the Daily News.
Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the Italian model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash in Gardena, California.
The little girl was found naked, alone and with obvious injuries in the parking lot of Jim's Burgers, 13 miles away.
Ikeler has been arrested previously in Northern California and Arizona but not for crimes involving children.
He also has children of his own.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch new Puma boot.
Manchester City striker Aguero scored to put himself 3-2 up against Reus.
Reus has been heavily linked with a move away from Dortmund.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit.
Some of the women appear to struggle with the cumbersome weapons.
The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Sugar Ray Leonard, Roberto Duran, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler have all been involved in some of the ring’s epic battles.
Leonard had defeated the previous — and equally great — Felix Trinidad to win the world welterweight title.
Users can download their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record.
The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
Tony Abbott sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia.
His hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives.
He said: 'The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats'
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes have joined the appeals calling for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death.
The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast.
Tsarnaev's defense attorneys have tried to paint him as secondary in a plot orchestrated by his extreme older brother Tamerlan.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 by Jerome Taylor in the second innings.
Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed.
Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year.
Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them.
They found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.
The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist.
He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and marijuana.
Tweets include phrases such as 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
Boy hit back at critics claiming he has had a tough year.
Ashya King's chances of long-term survival could have been halved.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King fled abroad with him before he had treatment.
Dr Peter Wilson said treatment was essential to reduce chances of cancer returning.
Mr and Mrs King had accused hospital of planning treatment which would have left their son a'vegetable'
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant.
The city centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for crash.
They have fled their home in Montabaur and vowed to never return.
The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home.
The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua Corbett.
Corbett is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June.
A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes.
Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons: adultery.
Also wants arrangements for children and money resolved before divorce.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was refused entry.
Post Office employee shouted from behind counter that he would have to leave dog outside.
Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog, the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside.
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for Span.
Mother-of-two from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was 17 at the time.
She posed seductively on a stool with her legs slightly crossed.
Dunn went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn three years later.
Hillary Clinton's security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle – a second Scooby.
After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa, a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle.
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga on Sunday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the rout at the Bernabeu.
Karim Benzema hailed his team-mate as a 'phenomenon'
Ronaldo is only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for Madrid.
Nakhi Wells opened the scoring for Huddersfield in the 12th minute.
James Vaughan doubled the lead for Ipswich at the John Smith's Stadium.
Nahki Wells added a second for the home side just before half-time.
Mick McCarthy's side have now lost four of their last five away games.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009.
It was combined of tax and real estate data in a paper published by the Commerce Department.
The study from William Larson paints the widest ever picture of how much the ground beneath our feet is actually worth.
Land in large urban areas was the most valuable, with cities of more than 1million people worth $64,844 per acre.
Catholic bishops in America have denounced Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'
Review attacked the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view'
The latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the UK.
They tore into the series for its 'perverse' depictions of historical characters.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats.
But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
The canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager.
Moniz pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of March.
The Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
McCoy's last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Hamilton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen to extend his lead in the championship.
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored from 66 yards against Chelsea today.
The 66-yard strike will go down in history as one of the Premier League's greatest ever goals.
Adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot.
He noticed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line.
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters.
Spectators have flocked to see Jordan Spieth in action.
The 21-year-old has risen to number four in the world.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League.
West Brom are currently seven points above the bottom three.
Pulis won promotion with Stoke City and got them to an FA Cup final.
Alan Pardew has a top-five finish at Newcastle on his cv.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton.
The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before the game.
Stuart McCall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child could be the first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years.
St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery.
Two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
Motorist in China saw an injured woman lying by the side of a motorway.
He decided stopping to help would be too much inconvenience for him.
The driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, called police but his mother, from Wuhu, in Anhui Province, died on the way to hospital.
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Liga-based Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03.
It runs on a 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors.
The car is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
It is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28.
The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison on Friday for running a'revenge porn' website.
He was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.
Bollaert's lawyer had claimed at trial that the business was gross and offensive, but he didn't break the law by allowing others to post the explicit material.
Natasha Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee.
She has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that she has a true handicap.
Jameela Jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed.
Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury.
With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
But the amounts taken in from fillings is'minuscule' and there is 'no evidence to suggest these fillings are anything other than safe to use'
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.
Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively.
Their extreme hunger means their mother Pragna Ben, 30, spends most of her day making their meals.
Eden Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend.
Real Madrid reserve boss Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for the Belgian.
Zidane only tied the Belgian down to a new five-year deal in February.
Iain Mackay, 40, allegedly got into a fight with Nilobon Patty, 35.
The couple had been seeing each other for three years but Mr Mackay ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her.
Ms Patty has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death'
But she has denied having anything to do with the incident.
Adapted chair by SII Deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists.
SANTO seat is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat.
It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
Chelsea are poised to join the battle for English football's hottest property Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem.
The 24-year-old lock is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester.
Launchbury is set to make his debut at Wasps' new home at the Ricoh Arena.
Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches by Darren Farley's impression of Michael Owen.
The Liverpool striker met up with Farley as part of a promotional video for BT Sport.
Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead.
Second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather.
The field remained tightly packed with birdies seemingly harder to come by Friday.
Six players were tied for eighth, two shots off the lead.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed fortune since bursting onto the scene eight years ago.
His earning power is nothing short of breathtaking.
Last year alone he earned £45 million, making him the best paid DJ on the planet.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
It is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs.
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy.
Kathmandu's monuments are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture.
But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble.
The Dharahara Tower, which was first built in 1832, has almost totally collapsed after more than 180 years.
More than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below.
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi denied the charges when she appeared in court on Wednesday.
She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer.
Igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity.
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night.
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.
And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
Clare Goldwin admits she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself.
She doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces.
With the mid-season sale now on, can this collection keep its core, middle-class customers happy, while appealing to the more fashionable woman?
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
'The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites,' said Oz.
The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub.
An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road.
Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
The figure equates to £183 an hour and was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust.
It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request.
The trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain.
He said: 'I am not one of those politicians who says they ‘get’ how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private'
Cameron said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of job growth now benefits British citizens.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon.
The woman insulted the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple.
Police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Brittney Griner and Glory Johnson were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon.
The 24-year-olds were released from jail at 4am on Thursday.
Griner is a two-time AP college basketball player of the year and led Baylor to a 40-0 season and the 2012 NCAA title.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the footage during an investigation into a shooting in Troy.
Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college while they are detained for questioning.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the'most disgusting, sickening thing'
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children.
She weighed 20st 3lb and was afraid she was losing her femininity.
Went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight.
Dropped ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight.
Paul converted to Christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice.
He was blinded for three days and heard a voice or sound in the sky.
Astronomers say the description of the light, thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite.
They say the sound of the explosion could also have been the source of Paul's vision.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces.
The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City last summer.
The defender has only made 16 appearances for City this season.
Sagna says he would make the same decision if faced with a similar decision.
Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record.
She has since been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges.
Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher.
Dr Jim Penman claims Britons have lost the drive for innovation.
He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome.
The city was at its most powerful as it captured more land overseas.
But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise.
Jenson Button's McLaren broke down on Friday at the Bahrain International Circuit.
The McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin.
Button finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
Football brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa.
It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
News comes after one militant decried popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters.
He compared brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments.
Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt.
He said his ideas of leadership were ‘close to a benevolent dictatorship’
Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick's replacement.
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with the midfielder's contribution this season.
The Dutchman has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a prime contender.
Gundogan's existing contract expires at the end of next season.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series.
Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries.
It is England's first title since the Wellington Sevens in February 2013.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Four of the men are from Birmingham, West Midlands, and in their 20s.
A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held.
They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River.
He and a friend were fishing on the Wisconsin side of the river when they heard three teens being loud and rude.
They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours.
The suspect, Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School in Georgia and will retire at the end of the year.
Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop.
Romero's agent Rolando Zarate said: 'I met with Arsene Wenger twice in London'
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe.
From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
All three main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school.
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’
He also confirmed Labour could fire thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print.
The ad has the words 'Hello Ladies' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice.
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head.
At three months he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'
This is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out.
Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves this season.
The 22-year-old has added 12 more since joining Wolves on a permanent deal.
Afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.
He said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review.
Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on.
The Bayern Munich midfielder fell over as the ball approached him.
Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance.
He crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames.
Unfortunately, the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the lion to Mr Saeed's presence.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer.
She allegedly squirted her breast milk at a female officer during a strip search.
The mother of three has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council.
Couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
Jabreen also claimed single occupancy discount on council tax payments.
She pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change ofcircumstances.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season.
Iker Casillas doesn’t want to leave but if Real Madrid sign David de Gea he may be more tempted.
Martin Montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for Dani Alves at Barcelona.
Fabio Coentrao has struggled to impress at Madrid and could be offloaded in the summer.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.
The space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury.
Arsenal face Burnley at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years.
He found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.
Rafa Benitez was appointed Chelsea interim manager in 2012.
Benitez made a number of derogatory comments about the club during his Liverpool days.
Chelsea finished 6th in the Premier League in 2011/12 - the lowest in 10 years.
Latika Bourke was adopted from India along with two of her siblings.
She spent her childhood in Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney.
Latika watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if she hadn't been adopted.
The film led Latika to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of India.
India has become Latika's second home and she has visited every year since her first visit in 2012.
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases.
A recent study of four major discount retailers found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
A set of children's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine, chlorine and lead.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria.
It supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director.
Sitting alongside her on organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim.
Critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday.
The imam was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace.
Hassan Anyabwile from Trinidad and Tobago replaced him at An-Noor mosque.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford.
Colombian striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time.
But the striker seems to be coping better after the international break.
He picked up his £100,000 Porsche Panamera from a Waitrose car park.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is being auctioned.
It shows the steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space.
Ed White was tasked with performing the first US spacewalk, less than three months after Soviet Alexey Leonov had completed the first.
The document is now being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic mission.
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday.
Steven Davis believes the Saints have an advantage over Spurs.
The Northern Ireland captain says the players never back away from the 'big game'
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending.
But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.
Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris are offering the rare trip.
The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days.
Guests will spend time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City.
Bale has indicated he wants to stay at Real Madrid despite becoming unpopular with some fans this season.
Chelsea appear most likely to sign Bale - and they also want Raphael Varane.
Aston Villa could sell Christian Benteke this summer if bids pass £30m.
The Pebble watch was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
It keeps things basic — there are no buttons or whizzy features.
Once connected wirelessly to your phone, you can see who is calling, texting or emailing, without having to get your phone out.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
Spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Mr Farage today insisted he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on the audience for being too left wing.
The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday, will focus on the controversy swirling around Dr Mehmet Oz.
The 54-year-old Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 and has been hosting his health and wellness talk show since 2009.
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove him because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018.
The organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire.
Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium.
Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe.
He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck.
It is now being tipped to sell for an estimated £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams auctioneers.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week.
He broke into Sandra Bullock's home last summer brandishing a love letter.
The Oscar winner was forced to make a desperate call to the police.
Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen.
The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, reported missing by her brother after he could not contact her.
Her landlord, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested in connection with her disappearance.
Spanish Police have reportedly found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street.
At least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from Argentina and the man's aunt has also not been found.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced.
A woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the cat to die.
The 90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour in Tarring, West Sussex.
Pigwig had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood, Hampshire.
His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.
Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites.
The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube.
Ms Bines also revealed she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations.
Doctors told housewife there was nothing more they could do to ease her pain.
On Good Friday she left her home after telling her husband she was 'popping out'
But he became anxious for her welfare and he called the police.
At 2.35pm, police and ambulance crews were called to the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen, where they discovered Mrs Garratt's body.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China.
The aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide.
Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games.
Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals.
Koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald are still grieving for the son they lost eight years ago.
Gareth met Glen Rycroft in a gay online chat room and they started dating in 2005.
Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds and threatened to go to police.
When his lover got wind of his theft and deceit, he murdered him.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism after getting training in Syria.
Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners.
Kenyan authorities have previously blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents.
Rosa & Associati represented women's marathon star Rita Jeptoo who was banned for two years for the banned blood booster EPO.
Jeremy Clarkson will appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25.
The TV host was sacked from Top Gear after punching producer Oisin Tymon.
It is believed he was booked to appear on comedy show before being dropped.
But bosses at the BBC took weeks to decide if he should be allowed to host show.
Clarkson is one of the quiz show's most frequent guest hosts, having fronted it on 11 occasions.
Last month, Jimmy Mulville from production company Hat Trick confirmed he would appear.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.
In the US, gadget users send 30% more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
This is followed by Canada and Malaysia.
The French use four times as many heart emoji than any other language, and it’s the only language for which a ‘smiley’ is not number one.
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was briefly opened on Sunday.
It was unlocked in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family.
Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter.
The image has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook.
Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Ohio couple sue author of erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember'
Claim photo of them was used as online cover without their permission.
The book is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski.
Manny Pacquiao took time out from the gym ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
The Filipino boxer trained at LA's Griffith Park on Friday.
Pacquiao was joined by his pet dog Pacman as he ran around the park.
Home Secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ.
But Parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law.
She urged wavering Ukip supporters and the four in ten voters who say they are still undecided to realise what is at stake for Britain’s security on May 7.
Thomaz Alckmin, son of Sao Paulo governor Geraldo, was one of the victims.
Crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of the city.
It is understood three mechanics were killed, as well as the pilot.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery.
She also revealed that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever, and is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash with Clermont.
The 22-year-old was cited on Monday night for an alleged butt.
Vunipolas could face an immediate suspension following the incident.
Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup.
Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity'
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid.
The 23-year-old joined the Spanish giants from Malaga in the summer of 2013.
Manuel Pellegrini worked with Isco during their time at Malaga.
Isco tweeted: 'If we all stick together we will go further'
Pete Evans''reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in his cookbook.
The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
The ‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at West End parties, and is going viral online.
It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus, and this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud.
Amazingly, the girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
He hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
Mr Docherty was agitated when he returned to find the work wasn’t carried out to his specifications.
Harry Kane failed to inspire Spurs in an insipid 0-0 draw against Burnley.
Sean Dyche's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Burnley tried to press high up the pitch as a way of neutralising the threat posed by Kane.
Isco has been in phenomenal form this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently.
The Spaniard returned to the Real Madrid starting XI for the Champions League semi-final, but only due to injuries to Gareth Bale and Luka Modric.
Siem de Jong could return to action before the end of the season.
The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February.
De Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day.
Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up.
Others posted meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers but their photos have illustrated another story.
Chelsy Davy, 29, stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch on Tuesday.
She was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
Davy wore a white layered chiffon top, as well as navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.
Daryl Janmaat admits Newcastle United's performance against Sunderland wasn't good enough.
Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf muscle tear.
The Magpies slipped to a record fifth successive defeat in the Tyne-Wear derby.
Algerian League table sees all 16 teams in with a shout of the championship.
Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey.
Top two qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent with two games to go.
The Wirral's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool.
Neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals.
This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years.
Since the Marillac site in France was unearthed, the discovery of fossil remains of animals, humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for Neanderthals.
The Duchess of Cambridge's baby is expected to arrive later this week.
The nursery and Kensington Palace have been given a Beatrix Potter theme.
Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to Anmer Hall a couple of weeks ago.
John Travolta has broken his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear.
The 61-year-old said he never intends to watch the documentary.
He said he has been brought through'storms that were insurmountable'
The Scientology doc claims members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps and cut off from their family if they decide to leave Scientology.
Authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her.
The Cincinnati Enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday.
Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies.
The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'
It is easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan, then use your finger to paint on the effect.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has praised the rebirth of Marouane Fellaini.
Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat to the Reds in March last year.
Todd Phillips was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
Leicester are bottom of the Premier League and six points adrift.
Nigel Pearson's side travel to West Brom on Saturday.
The Foxes have won just one of their last nine league games.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego.
He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events'
These events gain significance through subsequent experience.
The study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli, such as evocative imagery or traumatic events.
Emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation.
Scientists from Saarland University in Germany said a nap of just 45 minutes to an hour 'produces a five-fold improvement in information retrieval from memory'
Michelle, 27, has unveiled her new Lipsy range in full.
Shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals.
Has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans what they want for warmer months.
Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.
Tents crushed by snow, belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims.
Beverley Davis tricked Ray Warren into handing over his bank cards.
The 35-year-old used the cards to buy Chinese takeaways, pay for creche fees and clear some of her mortgage arrears.
Mr Warren, 89, was so traumatised he stopped going out at night.
Davis pleaded guilty to five charges of fraud and was jailed for a year.
By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the report says.
Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5% of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050.
The Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post, just two miles from where Nidal Hasan opened fire in a room of unarmed soldiers.
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row.
Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday.
Carlo Ancelotti will have Isco and James Rodriguez available for the first time in two months since James broke a bone in his foot.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities, four times more than the entire editorial staff at the Evening Standard.
Manchester City Council is the worst offender for its size, with 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas.
The '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
In many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth.
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark.
Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System.
It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species.
Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars.
While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
As he was being strip-searched, a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.
The Chelsea boss insists he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media.
Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth.
Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, but far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
TV regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog.
ITV received a further 35 complaints after Saturday's episode.
RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain's Got Talent 'to ascertain what methods were used'
Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend to tell her about it.
French MP Guillaume Garot has put forward 36 proposals to tackle waste.
Throwing away still-edible food costs the average French household €400.
A UN report found 1.3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year.
Eleven former Atlanta public school educators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system.
Teachers fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses.
But the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall - who is thought to have received up
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season.
The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances.
Minchella and Leeds team-mate Zak Hardaker remain the subject of an investigation by the Rhinos into an assault.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes.
David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half of the game.
Luiz was substituted in the 21st minute after suffering a hamstring injury.
QPR were held to a 3-3 draw at Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal for the club.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above water.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot dead on a London street on Tuesday.
He was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad, according to friends.
The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest.
Metropolitan Police counter-terrorism officers are now leading inquiry.
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer.
Most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow.
Researchers found those who had drunk at least two cups of coffee a day had only half the risk of their cancer returning than those who drank less coffee.
Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
Laptops are second, followed by tablets, with a fifth of homes owning two.
Digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion in the last year.
A New York City woman was mocked after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work.
On Monday afternoon, a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment.
The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence.
This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal.
The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days.
Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users, with the team proving Isle of Skye is the perfect road trip destination.
Miranda Devine has apologised after calling David Pocock a 'tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language.
The media personality had assumed Pocock was doing sign language for a friend.
But it wasn't actually the hand shaking gesture that's become popular recently.
Pocock responded to Devine, saying she'd misinterpreted his hand movements.
Devine quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh.
Prime Minister said Tories would offer discounts of up to 70% to 1.3m.
But National Housing Federation said subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn.
It said it was effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited.
Labour said the policy had 'unravelled' and 479 council homes were sold off.
Daniel DeMarco, 28, was arrested in Elmwood Park, New Jersey, on Friday.
He was found with one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.
DeMarco is employed as an officer for the New Milford police department.
They have not said if he will face suspension.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.
British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the last eight.
Guillermo Garcia-Lopez was beaten by Morocco's Lamine Ouahab.
Tiger of Mysore, Tipu Sultan, fought in India in 1799 and defeated Duke of Wellington's forces.
Sultan's troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne.
This month, a collection of the historicartefacts will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams, and experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He is accused of killing Ms Scott just days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Stanford's online alter ego used in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters.
His YouTube account included more than 65 videos of him playing games with other people online, including the violent zombie apocalypse Dying Light and League of Legends.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender.
But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner, and Rojo was ordered to pay her £25,000 legal costs.
Gary Lineker has labelled Ukip leader Nigel Farage a 'd***' during debate.
The Match of the Day presenter launched the scathing attack on the Ukip leader.
Mr Farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders after comments.
He claimed people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment.
Lineker suggested a football-friendly way to end the debate- with a penalty shoot-out.
David Potchen, who robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June, now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members that had long been estranged.
The 53-year-old had told a Lake County judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local Chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody.
He had served 12 and a half years in prison and was on probation in June and served286 more days before he told Judge Clarence Murray that he would plead guilty only if he got the maximum eight years for the recent theft.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in the Monte Carlo Masters.
Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer’s 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner.
The Frenchman will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
Leeds United lost 2-1 to Charlton in the Championship on Saturday.
Six players withdrew from the squad ahead of the game at Elland Road.
Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the chaos.
Former captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44.
Harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers.
Bates accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun.
The 38-year-old comedian revolted his many followers after he uploaded the clip.
During the clip, Limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek.
Jordan Waddingham scoured bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps.
Within minutes, the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank.
Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps could have been living inside.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final.
The Wales wing has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
North has scored the second of two tries in Saints' win over Wasps.
John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins.
The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session.
Higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503)
But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw.
Gary Ballance was struck by a shot from Jos Buttler.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts for the Blues this season.
Ray Parlour believes the Gunners should sell Wojciech Szczesny for £6million.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual.
The man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected.
Moody and her father were living as a couple in Springfield, before moving to Klamath Falls and have had two children under two years of age.
In March, Moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars.
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the Capitol building on Wednesday afternoon.
Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone.
The stunt was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Philippe Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele.
Coutinho is on the six-man shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year.
Liverpool travel to Wembley to face Aston Villa in the semi-final on Sunday.
Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia, especially those with Alzheimer's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns.
Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised.
The Championship club say three cars were broken into and damaged during Sunday's Ladbrokes Challenge Cup fifth-round defeat by Hull KR.
The first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver.
Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own.
A stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 is located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation Carina.
Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery.
The heaviest cluster stars are unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet radiation and hurricane-force winds streaming with charged particles.
Inside the nebula is a fantasy landscape of pillars, ridges and valleys made of gas - the fuel for new stars.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit.
Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise.
Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'
She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia.
Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1 at Seaview.
Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick.
England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel.
Casey's new range is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses.
Says that launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a 'dream come true'
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business.
Klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message, which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers, has attracted national media attention.
The businessman claims he was taking a stand for conservative Christian values and amongst other issues, he is also promising a discount for gun owners.
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today.
The winding track of Murodo in Japan attracts thousands of tourists annually.
Over a million people visit the walls every year, but this dropped to 910,000 last year.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush.
Keith Wolfe Smarch is descended from Skookum Jim, the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the Yukon in 1896.
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds.
A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday.
The carcasses lie in thick bush grass and some are still covered in dark brown fur with gun shot wounds clearly visible.
There have been reports that the remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve.
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
In his most recent blog post, he defended meat eating, saying it was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian.
He also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
But he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the growing population as demand in developing countries increases.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking.
The pickled onion blocked his windpipe and he tried to clear his throat.
He collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away'
But his Labrador Lexi leaped into action and dislodged the onion.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment for leukaemia.
He has built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunnan Province, China.
The fire is made using sawdust, twigs and branches which he then lights and leaves to burn for several minutes.
Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan last month and refuses to give up.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented.
It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year in the UK.
Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn.
The Institution of Occupational Safety and Health urged businesses to improve'sun safety'
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night.
He was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta.
Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.
As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Saturday.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.
It was only the second defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri's side.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country.
The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp.
The 33-year-old was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps.
He was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition.
It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them.
Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute.
Southampton are only ranked 16th in the Premier League in terms of their wage bill.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7m.
QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
The biggest under-achievers are QPR, with a £75.3m wage bill even from a season when they were in the Championship.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford with a 37th-minute header.
Odion Ighalo added a second for Middlesbrough with 65 minutes to go.
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli made a hash of the basics.
Actress Katy Cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns.
Bosses at Coronation Street have overturned a ban on their cast offering their voice to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors.
The actress was reportedly given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart.
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down.
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans.
The incident was sparked when the referee awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty after Graham was placed on report for the incident.
Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack.
Colin Turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim.
Pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at £13,000-a-year Priory School.
The fee-paying school's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on them.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010, according to figures obtained by News Corp.
Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences - 3259.
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday.
The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield.
O'Sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials.
Brennan, 36, was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device.
This after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette.
Kimi Raikkonen's contract expires at the end of the current Formula One season.
The Finn has been urged to improve his performances if he wants to stay at Ferrari.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has said results have to improve.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China.
Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, left her at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
Bikram yoga involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40°C (105°F)
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned the practise can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels.
The average body temperature for men was 39°C and 38°C for women.
Scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour.
Kevin Franklin will light up his Christmas lights on the front of his home tonight.
The 53-year-old kept them up after Christmas ahead of autism week.
But he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April for Autism Awareness Month.
Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments.
The move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk by setting Scotland apart from the rest of the UK.
Widnes lost 30-10 to Warrington in the Cheshire derby on Saturday.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Wolves have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe.
The meal is stuffed with the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons.
It includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs topped off with three different types of flavoured milk.
Kayonna Cole filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles.
She remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
The Belgian winger has scored 17 goals so far this season.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's crimes in a local newspaper article.
He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court after details of the repeated assaults emerged.
Miss Handley has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left speech.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away.
Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio.
More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.
At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony.
U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency.
Prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher.
Levar Jones, 36, was on his way home from work when he was shot.
Officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been fired and charged with felony assault.
Mr Jones said he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police.
He said: 'I was just an innocent person pulling up at a gas station'
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's Chatty Man.
The Manchester City midfielder was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Lampard believes that football is evolving for the better.
Manchester City are keen for Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.
Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career.
The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday night.
Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Some of his controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest Wednesday night in Seat Pleasant, Maryland.
On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
Ivy was accompanied by as many as 20 people when a gun being used as an accessory went off, killing the musician.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in the 14-man squad.
The West Indies have cut six names from their first training camp.
The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives.
When it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register.
Urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx shampoo bottles and hid iPhone inside.
He then slid device under partition of shower cubicles so he could film men.
Al-Asraqchi admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.
Indonesia's attorney-general says Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals.
The pair learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday.
Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemency.
They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action, to be filed this week.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Richard Cockerill believes the Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action.
The Tigers are separated by just two points and two places with only four games left.
EE users on iPhone will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal.
The new Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge will also have the feature when it goes on sale this Friday.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed.
Hannah James, 26, had taken him to bed with her at the family home in West Wales.
The next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive'
Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion.
The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12.
Danny Lambo, 37, paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn, 29.
The bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill.
It contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate containing 1.3 million calories.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week.
Upright's daughter, Jill McLain, said the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to retire with as much as $100m in the bank.
Pacquiao is a politician in the Philippines having been elected as a congressman in 2010.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Ten Pieces produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces.
Guests were treated to beautiful blue sky and sunshine throughout the show, which took place on an unseasonably warm 28 degrees celcius day.
KFC has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One.
The third episode focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC's rebranding exercise.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton heard from alleged victims.
A retired nurse, who was sent to Neerkol orphanage, said she was punched and slapped repeatedly.
Third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
The hearing in Queensland is expected to run until April 24.
A hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal.
Two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away.
The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old joins on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017.
Allen admits his move from Belfast will take him out of his comfort zone.
Daniel Agger allegedly elbowed FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points.
Leanna Norris, 25, of Auburn, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket.
The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013.
Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at Southampton next summer.
Manchester United are preparing a bid for England's first-choice right back.
Ronald Koeman admits it will be difficult to keep hold of Clyne.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth victory of his career in China.
Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third.
Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the drivers' championship.
Providenciales, north-east of Cuba, was named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users.
Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras were named the second and third best islands.
Santorini, Greece, was also named fourth best in Europe, followed by Madeira and Ko Tao in Thailand.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine.
The experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load.
Scientists believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing HIV infection.
In a person infected with HIV, there is an ongoing battle between the virus and the body's immune system.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Golfbidder.co.uk has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package.
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance.
She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa.
Day went on three trips to tourist hotspot in 2009, 2011 and 2014.
Transport for London has removed the posters from the London Underground.
The posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield.
A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures.
Prince William will take full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born.
The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance.
He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet before collapsing in front of presenter Ellie Pitt and his opponents.
Channel forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on the studio floor.
An ambulance was called by cancelled while the programme was delayed for nine minutes.
Apple is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June.
Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football.
But the 25-year-old has expressed his desire to stay at Old Trafford for years to come.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product.
The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
Sisters Sophie Morgan, 21, and Sheree, 25, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money.
Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman.
The couple, a man aged 86, and his 84-year old wife from Cardiff were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
He urged the elderly couple to transfer their money into various accounts 'for their own security'
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out on Friday.
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said.
Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital.
Joel Wilkinson, from Hull, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago.
His parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.
They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
Now, they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible.
Hawaii Museum of Art handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession.
Authorities found they had been smuggled into the U.S. by Subhash Kapoor.
Kapoor was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in India.
Officials say he created false provenances for the antiquities.
A video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
Over half, 54 per cent, also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease affects their pets as well as themselves.
Symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms.
Serge Gnabry has not featured for the first team since March last year.
The 19-year-old has been sidelined with a serious knee injury.
Ggnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world.
The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf.
Guests will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club, which sits along 200m of private beachfront.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday, four months after the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub.
The child was not hurt.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea.
Shelvey made no mistake from the spot as he sent Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up.
He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, Exeter Crown Court heard.
The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and attacked her.
His violence and stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky.
Around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them.
Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation.
The National Weather Service says a flash flood warning is in effect Friday morning for north central Kentucky.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week.
Her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party.
A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra.
They are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as or
Jordan Spieth will play in the RBC Heritage Classic on Thursday.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' tournament birdie record.
Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.
The heartwarming clip featured on the People's DailyOnline shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago.
His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.
They were so badly diseased they could not be saved and had to be amputated.
Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62, following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire, last year.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia!
It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece.
The island lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page.
Said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'
He was arrested hours later after police chased him on foot.
Fewer than one in three have heard of the UK's biggest cause of food poisoning.
Just 32 per cent of UK consumers know of campylobacter germs.
Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.
Knox played with Mcilroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year.
McIlroy wrote Knox a fortnight later asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy.
The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
If it works, it could mean solar power could become viable in Scotland.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge.
The controller of BBC Radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant.
He claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging.
Radio 3 has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.
His mother, Brandi McGlathery, said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story.
The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio.
This was 14% down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours.
BBC director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall to the BBC Trust.
Matt Phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues.
The Hoops winger also scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Lionel Messi has made more assists this year than any other player.
Arsenal's Santi Cazorla is one of six players to have recorded five assists.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini gave the Red Devils a 2-1 lead with a header.
Ander Herrera has been in impressive form for Louis van Gaal's side.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered inquiry into leaked memo.
It claimed Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the General Election.
She claimed she was the victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks'
Row followed allegation she wanted Tory victory partly because Ed Miliband is not 'PM material'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia.
Skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector.
Shannah has been a life coach for 15 years, while Lyndall started her career in a wellness retreat 22 years ago.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
Nagobads, 93, was team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on Ice' team that won Olympic gold in 1980.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed: 'I won't quit my mates'
The announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives'
Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
The men were also seen holding talks at Clarkson's west London home, in their first public appearance since the presenter was axed over a 'fracas' with a producer.
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain ice hockey debut.
The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week.
But Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett and is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants.
Police raided Christine Carriage's one-bedroom bungalow in November 2013.
Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.
Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court.
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin'
The plane - a 34-year-old French-built Falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on Friday.
Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican.
Police were called to a gas station in Kansas City, Missouri, after receiving complaints about a car blasting loud music.
When police approached the car, a grey 2007 Infinity, and asked to see the driver’s license, the man smiled, said, ‘I’m out!’ and took off from the scene.
The Infinity promptly smashed into the north side of the Brush Creek bridge, after which the driver got out of the mangled car and jumped into the water.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world.
It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato.
The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long.
John Clarkson, 55, from Preston, Lancashire, created the 'Pie-egg-ra' dish.
He wrapped the Easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried.
Dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs and is served with chips.
Mr Clarkson says the savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40.
Rutherford claimed that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the United States.
But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving to Tottenham.
Pochettino has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both Spurs and Southampton.
The Argentine has deployed a certain philosophy and is relentlessly demanding that it is reflected on the pitch.
England beat West Indies by 130 runs in the first Test at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Gary Ballance scored a century in his ninth Test for England.
Alastair Cook's side set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
JJ Watt recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles last season.
On Monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap.
The standing box jump is billed as a personal best.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own.
Men and Sheds author Gordon Thorburn called wooden buildings a "male necessity"
Women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven.
The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.
But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League.
Paul Scholes believes Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe’s premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal.
Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann captured the violent encounter on camera.
He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
After emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures, he spotted a female and male fox copulating.
But the pair weren't alone - a third Arctic fox lurked nearby.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state.
The beaches are more relaxed, the restaurants and bars quieter, the accessories less shiny.
Gold and silver bars had been loaded onto a former Irish Sea ferry.
It was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons shipped to Russia.
But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
Such a veil of secrecy existed over the whole operation it is not known if it was ever recovered.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Benfica.
The Portugal striker has struggled for first-team action.
Oliveira is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three and four weeks.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp.
British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945.
Hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
Joachim Gauck, the German president, said British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge'
American Airlines is introducing new 'indie' cabin playlists.
Rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier are on board.
The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price.
Real estate agent Tony Keegan said the Melbourne-based former owners were desperate to sell the property, which resulted in the million-dollar bargain.
The average house-price in Auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for.
Police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at a suburban Las Vegas casino-resort created panic on Easter Sunday.
Witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair.
Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League since the turn of the year.
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results.
Sullivan was asked by whufctv.com what he made of the season so far.
Wayne Heneker was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern.
He parked his vehicle and got out to deliver thousands of dollars to the Highland Park Tavern in Queensland.
When he noticed a man approaching him wearing a motorcycle helmet, Mr Heneker shot the man three times.
It was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague.
Andres Iniesta scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG on Tuesday.
The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal this season.
Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes with a mesmeric run and pass.
Neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season.
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years.
His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
Leigh Griffiths has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for Celtic.
The 24-year-old scored a hat-trick against Dundee United on Sunday.
Griffiths is currently on trial for offensive behaviour at football.
Lalit Verma 'launched into furious assault on boy named only as Shiva'
Alleged beating so severe that the child complained of stomach ache.
Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Tottenham face Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon.
Sam Vokes and Ben Davies were part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie.
Davies insists there can be no quarter given if he gets the chance of a first Spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at QPR.
Some of the more comical adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century.
With wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them.
John Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a bust-up last week.
The pair were involved in a disagreement and Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad.
Carver says that he and Gutierrez have shaken hands 'like two grown men' and moved on from the incident.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday.
The Spaniard has struggled to make an impact in midfield this season.
He was given just four out of 10 marks by one Spanish newspaper.
Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his midfielder in the Premier League.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
He is working with a therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.
But he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes.
Officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name and address.
Woolaston has now been sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five burglaries.
Mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother.
Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
Camels are a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the Persian Gulf, and are used for racing and transport.
Eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei.
The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs.
While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into.
Chief Mark Holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early Friday morning.
The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
Hagerstown police have asked the Washington County Sheriff's Office to investigate the incident.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16.
The 19-year-old has now scored six tries in six Super League appearances.
Leeds are six points clear at the top of Super League.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree.
A complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye as part of a long-running boundary dispute.
Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty.
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month.
The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18.
Tickets were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities.
Former chairman and manager Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned as chairman.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year.
She said the policy would require a change in the law and help millions of working families.
Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored.
Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher accused Toure of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's free-kick.
Charlotte Cosby has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes.
But some have questioned whether she has taken things too far.
She is not the only Geordie Shore star to have lost weight.
Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan and Marnie Simpson have all dropped the pounds.
Timothy Norris-Jones had previously attacked his mother on two occasions.
The 59-year-old told police injuries were caused when she fell.
He was arrested after the victim's carer returned home and called the police.
Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' and said: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
A Sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation.
Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language.
The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers'
The Civil and Administrative tribunal reprimanded Mr Dewar last week and have banned him from re-registering as a psychologist unless he
Somerset's new limited-overs captain Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League this month.
Veteran seamer Thomas is still recovering from a broken ankle.
Thomas is free to take up the short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16.
Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's daughters were targeted by online predator.
Ms Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself.
Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has never won the Champions League as a player.
Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea.
PSG face Barcelona in the semi-finals of the competition on Tuesday.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications.
He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault.
The law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person's death if it happened more than a year before.
Richard Attenborough's possessions will be sold at auction house Bonhams.
The actor-director's treasured possessions are going up for up sale.
Lord Attenedborough made his big-screen debut in 1942 film In Which We Serve.
He was still acting five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Steven Spielberg’s Jurassic Park.
One of the most prized items is the cane used by Hammond in Jurassic Park, which is estimated to sell for £5,000.
Man impregnated his daughter when she was just a teenager, court heard.
As she watched abuser being led away from dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'I love you and miss you'
The man, who cannot be named, was given a life sentence at Derby Crown Court.
Judge Stuart Rafferty QC told the man: 'You took your daughter's life'
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked Britain.
Thusha Kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.
Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home in Croydon.
Clive Howard, 57, admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape.
He was today jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months.
Victim Jessica Howard, 23, has waived her right to anonymity to confront him.
She said he had 'humiliated' her and ruined precious relationships with friends.
'Your attack literally darkens every piece of joy I have,' she said.
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 in Serie A on Saturday.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored for the hosts.
Roma beat Napoli 1-0 with Miralem Pjanic scoring for Roma.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.
His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed in 1970, sobbed as she heard the news.
Sevilla take on Fiorentina in the Europa League semi-finals.
Napoli take on Dnipro in the Warsaw final on May 27.
James Webster targeted women as they bent over freezers in Lidl.
The 35-year-old was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving bag.
Security guards discovered he had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming.
Webster admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face prison.
But he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3' and 'wife' because she's married.
'Fat' is just another self-descriptor for her, who insists that the word doesn't have to be used as a synonym for 'ugly'
The Oshun Café will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries.
The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls, served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez scored his second of the night to give the Catalans the lead.
Edinson Cavani failed to deliver on the biggest stage.
Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half.
Anthony Mann pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
The 78-year-old stabbed his wife to death after she begged him to end his life.
He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from Donna's Dream House, Lancashire.
Volunteer worker admitted stealing laptop and TomTom sat nav from charity.
He was meant to be helping charity by raising profile following 2011 arson attack.
But Mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up pieces.
Charity chairman Len Curtis said: 'It is soul destroying when the trust you place in someone is betrayed'
The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album.
In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves.
But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The album cover ended up costing £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today's money.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook.
Freddie Hussey was killed when a trailer came loose from a passing Land Rover.
Mrs Hussey had just dropped her eight-year-old son Archie to school.
She was helpless as the trailer mounted the pavement and crushed Freddie.
Police found trailer had not been correctly attached to Land Rover but driver Tony Davies avoided jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo.
Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife.
Police said each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years.
The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday where he was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job'
The gang broke into 21 homes in west London, Hertfordshire and Surrey.
They took a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million over 11 months.
Gang were undeterred by security systems, officers said, instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit.
He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013.
His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed in the collision.
Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving.
But he was convicted in February this year after a four-day trial.
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual, according to a new survey from Visa.
Budget for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler.
In 2012, Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend, Tina, with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read, 'Tina, will you go to prom with me?'
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators.
They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes.
Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica features removable cookies for extra oomph.
The £38 bra comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH.
Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection.
Alex Stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out.
He was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim.
But he said magazine risked its reputation by not disciplining reporter Sabrina Erdley.
Rolling Stone will not take any action against Erdely, whose reporting was discredited.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store, with support for devices from iPhone 4S models or later.
The free app also intuitively streams Spotify tracks that match the runner's interests based on their preferred playlists, artists and genres and listening history.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme.
The Manchester United striker enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid.
Rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name when he is away from the football pitch.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board following England's shameful performance at the World Cup.
The system is broken and needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again.
Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
Bleary was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries.
Gemma, 34, has launched her updated fashion range for Evans.
She showcased the collection this evening at one of the chain's flagship stores.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League.
Manchester United have held talks with Burnley about a summer deal.
Liverpool maintain an interest in the 22-year-old.
Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals.
Patrick Bamford scored 19th Middlesbrough goal of the season on Tuesday.
The 21-year-old striker has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons.
Bamford's parent club Chelsea are opening talks over a new deal.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has been impressed with Bamford's attitude.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is hoping his side can cause an upset.
Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate for his brand of football.
Actor, 63, hanged himself in August 2014 after being diagnosed with Parkinson's.
He stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping.
Also spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness.
Post-mortem later revealed he had Lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour.
On the day of his death, Williams cleaned his bathroom of blood after cutting his wrists.
The actor had also checked into rehab to 'fine-tune and focus' on his commitment to staying clean
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program.
It teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code.
The aim is for each to develop a business idea after their release.
Leal is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud.
His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire.
The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text.
Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.
The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
With simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your flowers last.
Warming the flowers 'hardens' them for longer-lasting freshness.
Don't mix fruit and flowers as some fruits produce ethylene, which rots nearby plants and fruits.
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months.
The elderly woman's son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals.
But after finding the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp as Borussia Dortmund manager.
Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season.
Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract.
The 41-year-old has a reputation for enforcing an attacking approach.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games at Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Old Trafford.
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said on Monday that the club would take stock of Hernandez's situation at the end of the season.
United will field offers of around £10million from West Ham, Southampton and Lazio from Friday.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family.
He has written an enlightening account of his time with the club.
Nayani's book challenges popular perception about the US bosses.
The Glazers succeeded in a £800m takeover in 2005.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.
The 39-year-old admits that waiting makes his mind wander.
O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career.
Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona.
He points what appears to be a rifle into the air and a shot rings out.
Police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'One round just went out. He's definitely loaded'
But apparently ignoring his advice, Rapiejko overtakes the officer's car.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Despite Valencia's injuries, Marana Police Chief Terry Rozema has defended his actions.
Luis Suarez admitted he was nervous at playing alongside Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Luis Enrique's side face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
But Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39, and her 38-year-old sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota.
Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional.
Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that he was 'unable to conform his conduct to the law'
Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegener
Kim Sears watched Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson.
The 27-year-old artist was a vision of health as she applied suncream.
Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Raheem Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
Sterling was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called 'hippy crack'
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award from Manchester United.
Mata scored both goals as United overturned Liverpool with a 2-1 win.
The attacking midfielder also produced an impressive display against Tottenham.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her.
The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed.
But three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved.
Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East.
Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany.
One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him.
A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Tuesday night.
Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February and has only just returned to the first-team picture.
The Holland international was joined by Adnan Januzaj, Tyler Blackett, Anders Lindegaard and Andreas Pereira.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District.
Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels had been wiped out in England and Wales.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother Alison Overton.
The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after her death.
He wore her favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume.
Inquest heard how William had been settling in well after returning to school.
In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Washington lawmakers are proposing to allow limited home hash production, though butane or other explosive gases would be banned except for use by commercial producers.
Safer methods would be OK, and adults would be allowed to use cooking oil, butter or similar substances to make edibles.
HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for months.
Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Last night, defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’ rather than a Russian sub.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder.
He was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi, 10 months.
The Indian national was a technology professional outside of Philadelphia and knew the baby's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot.
Flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am.
Airline confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
Incident was the second of the day for Dublin Airport, after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off.
Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League.
Boro chairman Steve Gibson has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
Gibson is a lifelong Boro fan and will be part of Gareth Southgate's England squad for this summer's Euros in the Czech Republic.
Banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine and riding a horse while drunk.
All placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
List was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol.
Records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds, such as metal cutters, grease merchants, labourers and hawkers.
Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous Parisian gallery.
It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.
The Automobile Museum in Malaga houses around 90 classic cars.
BMW driver rammed shirtless man in street after furious road rage row.
Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in violent clash in east London.
Driver of white BMW accelerated and hit the other man in broad daylight.
He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius.
The 25-year-old was taken to hospital as a precaution and arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home.
Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking.
The bedroom, which sits in a small raised loft at the front of the truck, features wallpaper made from cut-outs from dozens of old musical songbooks.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball style trick shot while practicing in China.
The 36-year-old flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it.
Watson's shot seemed to fly down the middle, drawing quite a reaction from his caddie.
Crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in China.
Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained.
The green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million.
Tiger Woods has returned to action following a break from golf.
Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
The former World No1 has been working on his game and rediscover form.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at Queen's Club.
Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final.
Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over Rafael Nadal.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate'
Will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted.
But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes'
Under proposals landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday.
The pair have been stalwarts of English football for the past decade and a half.
Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the current season.
Lampard will meet up with new MLS franchise New York City FC.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls.
The headteacher was fired due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures.
He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after Karin Rowsell's departure.
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.
It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago.
The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood.
But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
This theory can also help explain a period in Earth’s history known as the Great Oxygen Transition, 2.2 billion.
Here, oxygen levels began to rapidly rise from 0.0001% of present levels to 21% of the atmosphere we see today.
Rapid melting
John Carver was left embarrassed after Newcastle's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
Carver admitted his side were second best in every department during the game.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in stoppage time to secure victory.
Defoe's goal moved Sunderland three points clear of the relegation zone.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first game back in the Test team.
Trott last played a Test for his country in November 2013.
He withdrew from England's disastrous Ashes tour with a stress-related illness.
Karen Catherall, 45, was beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys.
The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home.
Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought she was sleeping.
But he later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager.
The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at Anderlecht.
Kompany admits his mother insisted he finishes school before moving to England.
Michelle Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
Knight was signing copies of her book, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, after the event, when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the bone.
The large birds swoop down with their claws bared at the fox as he boldly grasps the bone in his jaws.
But as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight and realise he has possibly taken on more than he can handle.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles before Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead.
Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors, but it wasn't enough to stop City from losing further ground on league leaders Chelsea.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight.
State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far this season.
The Chilean forward has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise.
Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley on Wednesday.
Supporters will hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of Newcastle United.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself.
But just hours later he was fighting for his life after woken from a nap.
He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but later died.
His family have been left confused as to how he fell ill so quickly.
Evan's grandmother Sarah Summerfield, 38, said: 'It's like he left it for us'
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault.
Police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex on Saturday, January 24.
No charges have been filed and no arrests have been made, but a Maricopa County Attorney's Office spokesman confirmed prosecutors are continuing to review the case submitted by police.
The Morris twins, who are basically inseparable at all times, prefer to be called Team FOE (Family Over Everything)
The Renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world.
It was designed to allow French farmers to transport their sheep to market.
Now it accounts for two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain.
A majority of those sold in most other markets from Europe to Japan and, increasingly, the US too.
Luke Rockhold faces Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday.
The Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory.
Rockhold's last victory came against Michael Bisping last November.
Reports emerged on social media on Thursday suggesting Mike Ashley was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks.
Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Rangers have promised a speedy investigation into the claims surrounding Ashley.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry.
But new research claims to have settled the debate.
They say the eye spots do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Defoe had scored just twice for Sunderland since joining in January.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to the Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Duke of York inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting girls' refuge.
The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity.
Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop.
The Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor.
The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016.
Sky Sports' petty refusal to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy doesn’t mean that an Arsenal legend will not do the honours.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to their SATs exam answers.
The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself.
He was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewskesbury.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile.
Police say that he saw the javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process.
Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
However the forecast for Easter Saturday isn't looking very promising across Australia.
Cairns, Hobart and Melbourne will most likely see patchy cloud conditions.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca.
The 23-year-old has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more this season.
AS focus on Real's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card.
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players.
City will ask about Raheem Sterling's availability even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him.
Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday.
The Premier League champions are also interested in signing Danny Ings and Jay Rodriguez.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester and Strood by-election.
Ukip source said: 'It is not looking easy for Mark, but we are hopeful the figures are misleading'
Chelsea are interested in signing West Ham striker Enner Valencia.
Jose Mourinho has been chasing Juan Cuadrado and Douglas Costa.
Chelsea have offered Patrick Bamford a new contract.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for Middlesbrough.
Wellington put on one hell of a show for its inaugural CubaDupa festival at the weekend.
The colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks.
It was the first of its kind in several years and saw lively street performances, circus acts and performers.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville.
The 38-year-old will manage England at the netball World Cup.
Neville says she is a natural leader like her brothers.
Ryanair took to Twitter for a cheeky promotional photo in Terminal 2.
Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport, whereas Aer Lingus flies from Terminal 2, so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival's expense.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition.
Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3.
Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The German centre-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Hummels has already attracted interest from several clubs around Europe.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey.
Authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child's death.
The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, was just 16 when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan'
She has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides.
Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years.
Patrick was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross, Sydney's inner-city on January 3.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock.
The animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs)
Was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death.
At her heaviest, Susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Easter Sunday in Durham, North Carolina.
Train No. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern.
Authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
McCoist and Kenny McDowall assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
McCoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December and is still earning £14,000 a week.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.
Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
The Edwardian style yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Alan Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats.
Pardew says Sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'
Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.
She is also an advocate of good sugars despite popular beliefs currently surrounding the move towards complete sugar bans.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao.
Valencia had been reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off.
Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Elche.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years.
The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus.
White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid.
They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job.
But far from being 'everyday Americans', they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson.
Chelsea Clinton, 35, was just a twelve-year-old from Arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls.
But over the years, as Chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman, her curls quickly began to fade.
Now, in a candid interview with Elle, Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman.
Murray joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club on Monday night.
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth in multi-millionaires.
Houston, Texas, is home to 1,420 more millionaires than it was a decade ago.
Among the emerging markets, Russia, China and Indonesia all similarly performed well.
But as far as the highest-ranking cities, Hong Kong comes out on top.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking.
He also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'
He said his backers had to use their vote 'as wisely as they can'
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million.
The 25-year-old has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
St Etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet.
Depending on the weather, the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies.
Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Amir Khan posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel.
The 28-year-old boxer splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US.
Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps.
Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies.
Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula.
It measures 45ft in length and sends occupiers into the air at 25ft.
Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Fulham after four minutes.
Ross McCormack equalised for the visitors with a second half header.
Steve Evans' side still await their fate after fielding an ineligible player.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring for Juventus in the 21st minute.
Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoreline shortly before the interval.
Leonardo Bonucci scored his side's third goal of the night.
Juventus will face either Napoli or Lazio in the Coppa Italia final.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the 22-year-old.
Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem ahead of Celta Vigo.
A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan's position as Benfica's leader.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place grow.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning and finishing in the top four.
Greg Dyke was given a £16,000 Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA.
The watch was given to Dyke during a FIFA Congress meeting in Sao Paulo.
FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the watch.
Boeing's roomier overhead luggage bins will be available on its 737 family of planes.
The 'Space Bins' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s.
Binets will likely arrive in Europe within the next few years.
Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions.
Jim Rodwell’s departure from Notts County has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell cannot automatically keep his place.
QPR are facing Football League fines of up to £50million for multiple breaches of financial fair play regulations.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for Tonny Vilhena in January.
The Dutch winger has one year left on his contract at Feyenoord.
Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate, £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie.
Alaska Airlines flight 448 took off from Seattle on Monday afternoon.
Pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming.
The baggage handler was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen.
A ramp agent was found inside the cargo hold after the plane landed.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room.
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out.
You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets.
The Paelo Way co-authors have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release the book independently.
The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth.
Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says 'direction of travel' is towards independence.
But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom.
Comes as Tories unveil new poster showing Nicola Sturgeon pulling Ed Miliband's strings.
The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses.
It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair in time for the battle's bicentenary.
The model is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester.
Angela Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade.
Prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for some of the more expensive suites.
Mrs Merkel has reportedly hired a private Pilates instructor and enjoyed healthy vegetarian dinners in the hotel restaurant.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around the world.
He bought a holiday home on the Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money.
The pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000.
Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009.
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother.
'I don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post,' he writes. 'I'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks I'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms'
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold after stock market fell.
Those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.
If they had resisted the temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000.
Kevin de Bruyne has scored nine goals for Wolfsburg this season.
Franck Ribery has been linked with a move away from the Bundesliga leaders.
The 23-year-old Belgian has scored 16 assists and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 – seven more than the next best.
Ribery says De Bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of Pep Guardiola.
Rangers insist fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct.
The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property.
But Rangers are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct accepted by the former regime in January.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk.
It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide.
The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape.
And the simulation is particularly interesting because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1.
The top-seeded Russian won four straight games to clinch the first set.
Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine.
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna.
It's not better for your pocket if manufacturers and supermarkets don't pass on the cost saving to consumers.
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage.
Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
Fred Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
Pagan, 49, has worked for Thad Cochran since he was 16 years old.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, said the singer and new mom could'stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
The veteran news man apologized for his 'offensive' remarks, which he made on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday.
Clarkson, who coincidentally spoke of criticism about her weight on The Ellen DeGeneres Show the same day, is married to talent manager Brandon Blackstock.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure.
The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade, and has since been criticised by Samsung.
Samsung has now asked SquareTrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device.
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is.
An alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods and exercising.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
The Dundee rogue has been confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
McGowan has already been ruled out of the evening matches with Celtic at Dens Park on Wednesday and at Parkhead on Friday May 1.
Dundee boss Paul Hartley fears playing the troubled midfielder could see him break his police curfew and end up in prison.
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder.
Police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased him down the street before opening fire.
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
But despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.
Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand.
The traumatic attack was the last time they saw each other.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League again.
The Barcelona forward wants to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe'
Celtic failed to qualify for Europe's elite club competition this season.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of headdress made from 80 feathers.
Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
But they say Labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron.
Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses.
The group has compiled a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging tourists to consult the guide before travelling.
It has colour-coded the hotels into three categories.
Those to be avoided are labelled red, those coded as green are considered to be 'low risk' and orange hued businesses are 'under consideration'
WA police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral.
Footage shows an angry woman appearing in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him.
The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass.
She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
Romeo, 12, ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday.
The Beckham family were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race.
It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and Alistair started their careers.
David Cameron admitted Boris Johnson is lining up a tilt at the Tory leadership.
The Prime Minister said the London Mayor had'suddenly realised' that his main political rivals were lining themselves up to take over the top job.
He said Mr Johnson now understood the pair were no longer in 'competition'
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube.
He explains exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist.
As his sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst, he emits loud cries of pain.
Dr Arun Ghosh, a private GP in Liverpool, condemned Jason's method.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls.
But the 'horrendous' scars left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse.
Now she is to appear on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy.
The Labour leader said the Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of the PM's Libya policy.
Former defence secretary Liam Fox said Miliband was trying to 'weaponise drowning migrants'
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November.
JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms.
He has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat and there is a risk his heart could be impacted too.
The medication used to treat his condition means he can have severe reactions if he has direct contact with the sun.
Stuart Dallas gave Brentford the lead just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage.
Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit for Fulham.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job.
But he was stopped at the airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster.
Stun gun was capable of administering electrical discharge which would cause victim to'startle'
Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24.
Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Arevalo was serving six years for burglary.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero and Marouane Fellaini scored for Louis van Gaal's side.
Gary Neville believes United are getting closer to being 'the real deal'
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities.
Sterling hit the headlines after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action.
Rodgers said that Sterling's behaviour would be dealt with internally.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship at The Crucible.
O'Sullivan had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday afternoon.
The 39-year-old won by a comprehensive margin but didn't hit top form.
Mohammed Emwazi, originally from London, planned to join al-Shabaab in Africa.
But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State.
Emwazi became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Jeremy Peace has put West Brom up for sale for £150million.
Tony Pulis is adamant Peace wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Take That superfan Danielle Jones, 33, got married on Good Friday.
Her hero Gary Barlow, 44, dropped in to sing 'A Million Love Songs'
Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked him to perform.
But he secretly replied to the bridesmaid's saying 'let's do this'
Mrs Jones and her friends are seeing Take That several times this year.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson.
He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.
Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged.
The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
On Friday, U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information.
MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations.
These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.
Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton.
The 21-year-old came off the bench in England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Roberto Martinez is backing Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England.
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear.
The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk.
Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges.
He could face 25 years in jail if convicted.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital.
Came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment.
Worcesterhire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault.
Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement.
He parked and rushed over to help but the warden put a £70 ticket on his car.
The student initially tore up the ticket and threw it in the bin.
But he later went back to pick it up and said he was punished for doing something good.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.
The defender has undergone successful surgery.
Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were  in critical condition.
Esmond, who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington, is conscious but unable to move.
The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs.
The bill will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season.
The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto’o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
They will inevitably fuel the debate that they are fast becoming the greatest front three in Barcelona’s history.
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street.
Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign for the soap.
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has also signed up.
Ryan Poston, 29, was shot dead by Shayna Hubers, 24, on October 12, 2012.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
A cellmate of the accused, who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars, said that Hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges.
Leonie Granger, 25, lured Mehmet Hassan, 56, to his 'pitiless and wicked' death.
The care assistant lured him to his flat with a roll of £50 notes at a casino.
She made excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and accomplice could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Afterwards, they left him with multiple broken bones, lying face down in his bedroom drowning in his own blood.
Following a trial at the Old Bailey, Granger was found
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in his Miami home two days after his high school photo was taken.
He was pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones, sunken eyes and platinum blond hair.
The pictures were taken at the age of 18, when he was just 'a Jewish kid from Newark'
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat.
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department.
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin in September of 2013.
The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting.
Stephens walked toward Lin with his phone in his hand and was shot four times just seconds later.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard scored the decisive goal in the 38th minute.
Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini.
Jordan Henderson has not given the ball away as much all season for Liverpool.
John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle.
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner in their 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday.
Sean Dyche picked an unchanged side for the 16th time this season.
Sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage.
But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day.
UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket.
The pair's chequered past led to Moores' unsuccessful first spell as England coach.
Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton, the man who brought him back to the coaching job.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool.
Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for the Premier League clash.
The former Tottenham boss was quick to defend his former boss.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year.
But each time he gets on a bullock, a castrated male, he risks life and limb.
His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, entered Lance, his older brother Joe, 15, and his sister Jayden, seven, into competitions all over the US.
Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: 'It's only fair that men should have it all'
The clip, which was created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood.
Department store Myer will be holding a 75 per cent designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd until Sunday 26th.
The sale will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store.
It comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
The 35-year-old walked into police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article.
Steve Spowart spent five hours helping to rescue five horses from flood waters.
The horses were trapped in barbed wire and were ankle deep in water.
He dived down into the freezing water to cut the wire and free the horses.
Sonia Sharrock praised her 'absolutely amazing' brother-in-law for his incredible feat.
She said: 'I don't know what I would have done without him and my sister'
Mass brawl broke out at a bar opening inside a Queens casino Friday night.
Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri ended up at each other's throats when the party went sour.
According to a casino worker, the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol.
Sean Donohoe, 30, plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV.
He even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits.
But he secretly took out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.
Donohoe has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting fraud and theft.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia.
Demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk.
Andy King's 86th minute winner kept Leicester City's Premier League survival alive.
West Ham United's Senegalese international Cheikhou Kouyate made it 1-1 in the second half.
The Hammers have not won away from home since December 2nd.
The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem.
The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour.
Nathan is attracting interest from Chelsea and Manchester City.
The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense.
Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Juventus lost 2-1 to local rivals Torino in Serie A on Sunday.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for the hosts.
But the Italian playmaker could have wrapped up their fourth straight title.
Juventus remain 14 points clear at the top of the table.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted: 'I dunno what the hell I am going through right now, but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it'
The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times'
In an odd moment during his 45-minute set, he took time out to promote his kine of BBQ sauces.
The 46-year-old was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before.
The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with Fohoonhedo.
She alleged that she eventually woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her.
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with saucepan and hair straighteners.
The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in Coventry to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship.
But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, Malisbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
After he struggled free Malsbur then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade.
Malsbury was charged with attempting
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
The driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR.
The 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season.
Ramsey stepped up from his youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February.
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday – a record sized 728kg pumpkin.
The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo.
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield.
He suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance.
But he died two weeks later and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands.
She had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist.
Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt.
The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest.
Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines' bikini body challenge program.
Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans have reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California.
She shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm.
Tori was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife.
The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.
She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last three games with abdominal injury.
Holland international is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto.
Robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Shocking footage has emerged of a brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane's south.
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir.
Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight.
Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16.
German woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon.
Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana.
The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law.
Cruz was referring at that time to Eric Holder's Justice Department's decision to look the other way when it comes to minor drug offenses across the country.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)
The referee of the eagerly-awaited contest will net $10,000.
Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners for the fight.
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients.
Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae.
The bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine.
If all goes to plan, Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have baby at Lindo Wing.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death.
She sent a series of messages to friends and family on September 27.
Her daughter urged her to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day.
But it was never received and McCarthy was found guilty of murder.
UEFA confirmed their ‘cash cycle’ for the next three years of European competition.
The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14 when they faced AC Milan, Ajax and Barcelona, they won one match and earned £12.6m.
If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey.
But she died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts.
Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today.
She and Lee's ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, were granted bail.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne.
The 21-year-old has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.
Her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
Ms Hussein's animals have formed unlikely friendships, like this pug Amani and piglet Ms Hussein raised.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is on trial at Taunton Crown Court accused of sexual assault.
He allegedly told three women he needed to place objects in their hands.
Instead he allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.
The patients had booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room.
The app is due to be released in June and will come as a free version with adverts or an ad-free version which will cost less than $8, or £5.48.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital after a house party in Tamworth.
She was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, where she was placed in a coma, but died a week later.
Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs, and she has been released on bail.
Her cousin has claimed she didn't take the drug voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked.
The Silverback at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo hit the glass with such force it cracks.
The terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime.
Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.
They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer, affecting 70 per cent of patients.
These ‘oestrogen receptor’ cancers are currently tackled using hormonal treatments such as tamoxifen to reduce oestrogen levels or block ER function.
Ashley Shupe says her son Kaiden, eight, is suicidal after being bullied.
She claims he tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble.
It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang.
Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from teaching at Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham.
She referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent.
A disciplinary panel ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks.
Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls.
Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
She said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community'
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side against Stoke.
Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury.
The England midfielder has set his sights on FA Cup semi-final and Premier League clash with Manchester United.
Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham.
Both vehicles were caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road.
Police said there were no life-threatening injuries and the cyclist was taken to hospital with a minor leg injury.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
Francis Coquelin has defended Olivier Giroud following the criticism.
Henry believes Arsenal must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights.
On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr.
The public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures and strong social bonds, a new study of global wellbeing has revealed.
The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its contentment, rather than wealth.
Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place.
Despite often mocking their northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
Unsurprisingly the world
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
The now-83-year-old said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her.
'Shell didn't have any tattoos but I'd like to think she'd have a smile to herself if she saw them on me,' she said.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo.
They were initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors.
Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool.
Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue.
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs including Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal is in place for his client to leave Wolfsburg in the summer.
The Belgian is one of the hottest prospects in European football.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted in Caykur Rizespor's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce.
The Poland international had to be replaced after 30 minutes.
Obraniaki is currently on loan at the club from Werder Bremen.
There were fears that the 30-year-old had suffered a heart attack.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell.
The last case in Loudoun was in January 2013.
Public Health and school district officials said they do not have reason to believe
Welch said it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
He warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education.
The business mogul and his wife, business journalist and author Suzy Welch, were speaking at an Answers to Correspondents event.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, during a botched sting on April 2.
Memo reveals colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office.
Documents suggest the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.
District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation.
Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband as part of 'useyourvoice' campaign.
The reality TV star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'
The 24-year-old said: 'He had a really great dress sense and looked very dapper'
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing Dinitrophenol.
She began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to hospital.
Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Mother Fiona, 51, has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
It was taken by body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who has been painting for more than 20 years.
He used different filters to achieve a range of effects including a light sepia edit, making the model even harder to view.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he was found hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall, Coventry.
The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma but his mother Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery.
She said: 'I'm in shock and it still hasn't hit me that this actually happened. It feels like it isn't real'
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
United have played the same number of games since November 23, 2013.
Louis van Gaal's side lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night.
City now trail United by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby.
Ashley Graham, 27, is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign.
She says that growing up, she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez.
AP McCoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave.
The 40-year-old rider has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday.
McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with Welsh Ambulance Service.
He was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone.
Garrod pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding.
But he then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
At Dolgellau Magistrates Court, Garrod claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the A
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm.
Realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday.
Mutombo was an eight-times NBA All-Star who was famous for swatting away opponents' shots and wagging his finger at them.
The Congolese centre led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
Pep Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 against Porto on Wednesday.
Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
The Spaniard has a year remaining on his contract in Germany.
A quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers let him go.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was Australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
He won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna.
The family made several trips to the pleasant Argeles beach with its mountain backdrop.
Multiple swimming pools, a kids club, swings and a bakery kept the Greenwoods busy during their stay.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status.
But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit.
It's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's market.
Estate agents say there has been a huge increase in valuations since announcement.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has closed its doors after being abused over the phone and online.
Kevin O'Connor, who owns the pizzeria, told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant's doors after he received abusive phone calls.
The pizzeria's Yelp page was targeted by those who disagreed with the O'Connors' statements, attracting hundreds of one star reviews.
Supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the embattled owners via a fundraising page in just one day.
Gareth Bale could miss Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano.
The Welshman appeared to injure his left foot during a training session.
Carlo Ancelotti's side travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones.
Here are Will Corby's picks for the best puddings and pastries.
From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait, here are Will's picks.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
But she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday.
She looked svelte in the £179 knee-length 1940’s-style ‘Blitz’ dress by Edinburgh fashion label Totty Rocks.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night.
The man's girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing him.
Police were called to the McDonalds near Darwin about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Sterling will not be sold.
Manchester City are always in the market for the best British talent.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Lib Dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction.
Cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy.
Car tax would rise by £25-a-year but he scaled back plans for mansion tax.
He mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season.
The Tottenham striker has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season.
Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the award.
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.
The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
It is likely to build on the power packs used in Tesla's range of electric cars such as the Model S.
The £260,000 Ford GT will be unrolled across Europe next year.
The concept was unveiled in Milan's Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday.
It walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car's conception.
Jeffrey Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'
The Democratic state senator said'mistakes like this happen' before apologizing to the Republican strategist.
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
The radio host said it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
The 33-year-old married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November.
But the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Mel showed her support for women who were also going through IVF treatment.
Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors.
Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
The theme park, which opened in 1979, once attracted 200,000 visitors annually from around the country.
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms at £31.5m mansion.
But neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect historic character of Victorian house of the streets'
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
Burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks.
The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the Clarets.
Sean Dyche is confident that if Ings starts to enjoy playing more, then the goals will flow for the striker.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao make public appearances on Tuesday.
Sportsmail's Jeff Powell looks ahead to Saturday's mega-fight at the MGM Grand.
Powell reflects on the pair's arrivals on the Las Vegas Strip.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water.
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle and weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up.
Coroner investigator Joseph Cronin tells City News Service that the eight-year-old boy died Friday afternoon.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday.
The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were  in critical condition.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2.
The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters just days after the incident.
Senior officials from the Secret Service and Capitol Police briefed top House members behind closed doors.
Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in Toukley, NSW on Sunday night.
Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack.
A 20-year-old man, who police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia as Bradley James Brooks, was arrested in nearby Halekulani on Monday night and charged with murder.
Grieving family and friends have paid tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, sports and parties.
A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani.
A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
Burnell Mitchell, 61, the brother of Boney M's lead singer, was arrested this week.
The Shire of Montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by JRR Tolkien's fantasy books.
At 1,000 square feet, the guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house.
It has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors, and has no mobile phone service as it is completely underground.
Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Marouane Chamakh, Park Chu-Young, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
Wenger is a disciple of Adam Smith and these are the basic principles of a free market.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory.
They tricked the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'
The spooky experiment has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.
The invisible, creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain.
Pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site.
They advertise'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
The discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Sir James Dyson is investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums.
Earlier this month, Apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iWatch ran out of power.
The Greek island of Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men.
The word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man.
In a new BBC documentary, former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford explores the life and legacy of the female poet Sappho.
Jack Grealish has been caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
The 19-year-old midfielder inspired Aston Villa to their FA Cup semi-final win.
Grealish is the third Premier League starlet to be exposed apparently using the legal high this month.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo were charged in March after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children.
Dugan and Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on the children and forced them to carry out sordid acts on each other.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.
Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'
However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
It also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side.
Militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front.
The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province.
The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever.
Starring models from sizes 10 to 20, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
This follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month and starred models Abbey Clancy, 29, Alice Dellal, 27, singer Foxes, 25, and Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year.
Farrell says England are in great shape ahead of the tournament.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit wrongdoing.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa.
Christian Benteke has flourished under Sherwood and has scored nine in his last seven.
The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes into Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
The striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend.
The British royal, who is currently working in New York, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie.
She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch.
Delph put in an all-action display and ran the game at Wembley.
Tim Sherwood has done a brilliant job with Villa.
Leicester are the form team down there right now.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey.
He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York.
Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Simon Mignolet insists Liverpool's players are not thinking too far ahead.
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year.
As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices.
These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
The map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's Wi-Fi network.
It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need, and will highlight any that are out of stock where appropriate.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan.
He was killed by loyalists in 1973 after throwing a grenade at a minibus.
His widow, Mary, is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general.
Sir Frank, who is now 88, said he had no connection to the case.
Classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby.
In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala.
The event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April.
Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Alex Turner.
Everton defender reveals he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs.
Baines also reveals Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is played in the Toffees' dressing room.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on April 15.
Neymar feels his team's tie will prove a real footballing'spectacle'
The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr.
On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son.
When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, but when Raymond failed to respond, he turned him over and saw blood on his face
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, had suffered stretchmarks after having twins.
She had posted the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence.
But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake'
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night.
It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
The event was predicted in the Bible and hints at a world-changing event.
But Nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless.
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a long battle with skin cancer.
He had been out walking with his wife Daphne every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Benaud said he had never worn a cap as a young player because he had been influence by all rounder Keith Miller.
The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen.
Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty.
McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Swist, who was only the father of the youngest slain child, said he had a close bond with all three children and gave them all nicknames to go by.
He called Lacey 'Chick', Christopher 'Toe Toe' and Phillip 'Smash'
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches.
The 34-year-old is standing trial at Birmingham Crown Court alongside Moses Swaibu, who also denies the charges.
Facey is alleged to have acted as a middleman for two men convicted of match-fixing.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair.
Aldi has won an increasing share of the market since the recession.
It now lags behind only Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and Co-operative.
Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition.
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer.
Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward.
City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis.
Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure.
Danny Ings is set to leave Burnley at the end of the season.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart the club.
James Milner is also a target for Arsenal, Everton and Roma.
Arsenal, Everton, Roma and Inter Milan have also spoken to his representative.
Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold talks with Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season.
Liverpool remain fifth in the Premier League - five points behind Manchester United in fourth.
Vincent Cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence.
He embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with; voluntarily signing up for a system that did, and in many ways still does, oppress them.
Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage.
Of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats' standard-bearer.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy League school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves.
Radiance pads promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin.
Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these new pads are beauty game-changers.
With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe, Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days'
Harington, 28, said he has spent five years filming in the city.
The Londoner played the character Jon Snow on the HBO series.
Tourism bosses said the show has helped Belfast to become a popular city break destination.
Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy.
Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma.
The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free.
The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014.
Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen.
He masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away.
Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk was spoiled.
Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
Jessica Knight, four, has an appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings.
Doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old.
Other non-food items she devours include sand and cement from paving blocks.
Ancient papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe'
It recommends stringing the leaves of Alexandrian chamaedaphne together.
It is not known if it had any effect on a hangover.
The treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the papyrus.
More than 500,000 documents were found in an ancient rubbish tip at the site.
Sonit Awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the quake struck.
He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him.
His mother Rasmila Awal, 35, has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' at his recovery.
She said: 'I could think of nothing else but trying to save my baby'
Robert Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana.
Durst's hands were shackled to his sides, and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
Savage swan Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of River Cam.
Mr Asbo was moved to location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Asbaby is said to have inherited bad temper from his grandfather and father.
Locals worried swan's behaviour will get worse as he gets older.
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in.
Rangers have faced both of Murray's former teams in the league this term.
The Leith side take on title winners Hearts on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young fan Charlie Pye.
Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked in February.
Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese.
But she is also capable of sign language.
The robot will be set up at the Mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi, Tokyo.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director.
All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband.
He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans.
The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London.
They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy.
Tragically, although for one of them, treatment is successful, two do not survive the radical procedure.
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of bike 'completely squashed' under lorry.
Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am.
It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries.
Cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road at 10.03am.
Nike employ Fred the Red and a number of other workers at the Old Trafford shop.
They will see their agreement with the club expire on July 31.
Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
United are yet to make an official announcement about the Megastore.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen.
The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families.
Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Bogan Shire Council wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue in Nyngan, New South Wales.
The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Troublesome has taken a liking to Etali Safari Lodge's pools.
The cheeky African elephant has been a regular visitor for four years.
Staff have tried to deter him from emptying the pools with his antics.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood.
Underwood is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience.
The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his children.
It included trap doors and a small slide, but he quickly received a letter saying it was 'waste material or junk'
The family said it will leave the fort up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before a fine.
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in the second and fourth tiers of English football.
Seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Kasper Schmeichel has been named in as part of three Football League Team(s) of the Season.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Sebastian Kehl scored a stunning long-distance volley in extra-time.
Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Dortmund played without Mats Hummels and Marco Reus, both injured.
Paul Pogba and his representatives are understood to have met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday.
PSG striker Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options.
Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas.
Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer.
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola has been shortlisted for European Player of the Year.
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon also shortlisted.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16.
They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
The study looked at data from 1914 to 2011, suggesting that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years.
The New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto.
And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image, shown, revealing the dwarf planet and its moon Charon.
The blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come.
As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Cave photographer, John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.
The mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin.
Not a drop of alcohol has passed her lips since January - her longest spell of abstinence.
Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl buried on Maroubra Beach.
Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby since January.
The couple raised enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral.
A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
Police were called to the scene at about 10:05am on November 30 to investigate the'suspicious' incident.
A truck overtook a cyclist on the outskirts of St Petersberg.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered two fractures to his legs and a broken leg.
The truck's driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres.
Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly.
This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters.
Experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies.
Damaged skin may be more prone to developing irritations, allergies or infections.
Sir Curtly Ambrose defended the England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford.
Ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography Time to Talk on the eve of the West Indies-England series.
Stanford's five-year deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence, just one $20million T20 game into the contract.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried, but she managed to dig herself out.
She was discovered at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads including Ashley Young, Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner and Frank Lampard.
Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at Old Trafford.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters.
From a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender.
After years of questioning how to handle his preferences, the Lemays decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy.
Scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours.
Early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice.
Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent, according to results.
Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
Slepless night were the top occurrence, with almost half (46%) of Brits citing that this causes anxiety.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
The 41-year-old was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine.
He was a crucial player in the Red Devils' 1998-99 season.
An elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at a golf course in Queensland.
The 75-year-old man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball.
He drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.
A second 18-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of murder today.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, yesterday.
Officers found a 19-year old man with stab wounds being treated by customers.
Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living.
70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households.
MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era.
The 1950s was the age of modernism, with an emphasis on open living spaces.
In the 1960s, there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression.
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year.
The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015.
Although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption.
An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students.
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
One member highlighted staff at a hospital in Staffordshire expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week.
Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and also puts other staff at risk'
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes.
General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Malaga.
The Frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem.
Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed Benzema will miss the game.
Isco is expected to replace Benzema in the starting line-up.
The study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios.
Projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the IPCC are pictured here.
The latest study, however, says this climate model may be wrong.
It says 'climate wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade.
They also exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations.
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout.
Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
The Queens Park Rangers boss believes that covert racism still exists.
Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue.
Agnieszka Radwanska was beaten 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by Sara Errani on Wednesday.
The world No 9 is the second top seed to exit the Porsche Grand Prix.
Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas in the second round.
Nina Moric appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco.
The Croatian-born model claimed she collapsed at home due to 'low blood pressure'
Italian media claimed Ms Moric was found by her mother on Saturday.
Ms Moric told her fans she was well and had no intention of taking her own life.
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system.
It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by Auction Team Breker in Cologne, Germany.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001.
He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister 'the fat' and 'fatty'
The emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate Gina Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests.
The siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother, the richest person in Australia.
Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
Her grandmother Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with the illness.
The 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother developed problems.
Miss Mulligan said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Chelsea agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February.
The Blues are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
Muto would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London.
At the party in March, where Kate, 33, wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes, the Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon.
Gordon, who owns Naples Luxury Travel Advisors in Naples, said: 'I asked her if Prince George was excited about the new Prince or Princess that was coming and she said yes and that he is a toddler'
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday.
The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.
He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
Tories launch new poster campaign showing Nicola Sturgeon manipulating puppet Labour leader.
Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon uses article in Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim that she can help ‘lead the UK’
Jimmy Anderson beat Sir Ian Botham's all-time England wicket-taking record.
Anderson took his 384th victim in his hundredth Test in Antigua.
Botham's record had been equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had Marlon Samuel caught in the gully by James Treadwell.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire in 1994.
Her body was found in a canal five months later weighed down with a 20lb rock.
The teenager's sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer.
She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois.
Officers were called to reports of an argument with Tramond Peet, 18.
Peet told police that Howell was trying to sell him a gun.
But Howell allegedly pointed it at him and the firearm went off.
Police say the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun.
Pet appeared in court Monday charged with aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Mark Bellis, honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk about the history of binge drinking in Las Vegas this week.
He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife.
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all its domestic flights.
The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey.
Virgin Australia is committed to maintaining an excellent service and to continue to put customers first.
Niamh Geaney, 26, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world.
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund meet in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Der Klassiker has dominated German football for much of the past decade.
The two titans met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley.
A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers.
When the flowers open their '­alabaster petals' they are positively regal.
Camellias are amazingly versatile. You can give them free rein or prune.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the Shell Houston Open.
The Surrey-born Englishman is playing in his first PGA Tour event.
Day is hoping to complete an unbelievable fairytale and earn the most unlikely invitation to the Masters.
Jordan Henderson has agreed a new long-term contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal.
Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms.
His new deal will run until the summer of 2020.
Strike by French air traffic controllers could cause three days of disruption.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines forced to cancel flights.
Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues.
Christopher Flowers, 84, dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt on March 9.
He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from top.
But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso.
Three Good Samaritans frantically tried to extinguish the blaze - first using their hands, then hurling him into a snow bank.
Flowers was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, but died on Sunday.
Last month, Flowers's wife, Flora, said: 'He has bandages all over him. Just covered up with bandages and you
Bricks fell nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon crushing a car below.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk.
No one was injured during the accident but this minivan below the building was destroyed.
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.
They say it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880, according to scientists.
Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years.
James Anderson plays his 100th Test against the West Indies on Monday.
Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record haul of 383.
Former Burnley team-mate Michael Brown reveals how Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley.
Dental kits are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns.
But more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work.
One of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is DenTek, who sell around 250,000 products a year.
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a view.
For about 18 million Euros (or £13 million), the modern home, complete with pool, gazebo, and al fresco dining options, can be yours.
Hameau du Temple, located near Uzes, in the South of France, is the perfect Provencal summer home.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims.
Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere.
Unite baron Len McCluskey has boasted that trade unions 'own' Labour.
He said: 'The Labour Party is our party. We built it, to serve us'
The boast comes 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing Labour’s budget.
Sweet Cakes by Melissa in Portland, Oregon, was found guilty of discriminating against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel in 2013.
The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
They said during compensation hearings that they had received death threats and were worried about losing their two foster children.
Video was taken of a skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers.
The camera slips from helmet and makes its stomach-churning plunge to the ground.
Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height.
Georgina Bartter died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year.
Her best friend Rebecca Hannibal has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death.
Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty.
She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing.
Haris Vuckic has thrived at Rangers under new manager Stuart McCall.
The 22-year-old has scored six goals in 10 games for the club.
Vuckic could leave St James' Park at the end of the season.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Pudu, Malaysia.
She suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
The six-year-old was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan.
It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker.
But this hasn't been confirmed and it appears this latest edit was missed.
The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view.
The Queen attended a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London today.
She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the event.
The monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders, who were all dressed in kilts.
Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry.
Charlene Bishop, 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday.
She was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal.
Her mother found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture.
He hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head.
The patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in 2012.
Prof Peckitt claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face.
But he was 'erased' from the medical register after the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service found that his fitness to practice was impaired.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
He told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp at once.
The people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers.
Groening, 93, was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there, with 300,00 being gassed just after arrival.
Survivors from Auschwitz travelled from the United States, Canada, Hungary and elsewhere to attend Groening's trial.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday.
Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded.
Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil.
France came in second, followed by the US, Canada and the UK.
New figures reveal it is the most illegally downloaded show in the world.
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President's headquarters.
Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm.
It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe.
The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries, ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend.
Schumacher Junior is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team.
The 16-year-old finished second in the world, European and German kart championships last season.
Le'Veon Bell will appeal the NFL's decision to ban him for the first three games of the season.
Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.
Former Steeler LeGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht.
Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash.
Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies.
The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are the initial frontline spin options.
Steve and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun, sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition.
Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services in August last year.
It is alleged that the husband and wife had gained access to Mrs Nick's severely ill mother's bank account and were writing blank bank cheques to themselves.
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are to marry after reuniting.
The pair grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.
They were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football.
When they reunited at his 21st birthday party he was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty.
Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show - giving contestant Andrea the prize.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing.
Arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment at the heart-warming TV moment.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47.
Her dismembered body was found at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, on Friday.
May is charged with a single charge of murder, and is remanded in custody.
He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour.
He posted a mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook.
The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory.
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek.
The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community.
Gang posing as rich Italian businessmen built flat-pack wooden cabinet.
They planned to put real cash in briefcase and show it to jeweller.
Then, while price was agreed, man in cabinet would switch case for counterfeit notes.
Gang would then walk off with their money and stolen jewellery.
Three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on conference room.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour.
The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione.
Nicola Sturgeon hailed shock winner of TV debate according to one snap poll.
Labour battling to fend off an SNP landslide in traditional Scottish heartlands.
Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.
Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book - saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another.
The book is being published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher.
Fast food giant has installed metal studs outside its Leeds branch.
Critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough.
McDonald's has defended the use of the spikes, claiming they were installed two years ago.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
In the new chapter, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
She explained that while she had been nervous about giving birth to Chelsea and the impending responsibility, 'as a new grandmother... there is nothing but joy'
Ann Price, the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta, has died at the age of 72.
She was known for her no-cursing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 to progress to the third round.
David Ferrer also through after his opponent retired with a shoulder injury.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff to get his campaign under way.
Man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol.
Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
He stands for a number of seconds, shaking visibly, before he is brought to the ground by police.
Seven baby foxes were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park.
They were taken in by the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center.
Vets at the center said they know the cubs are red foxes because of their white tales.
The pack will be returned back to the wild in July.
Charity Bite-Back says one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup.
The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption.
It came to light after the Royal China Club in central London was raided by trading standards officers.
Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as 'fish fin soup' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask.
Massimo Luongo has joined Aston Villa on loan from Swindon Town.
The 22-year-old was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
Luongo has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, and her husband James, 38, face felony conspiracy charges.
They allegedly set up a GoFundMe page asking for donations for their daughter Sofia.
The page had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000.
Mrs Clawson allegedly produced a note from a doctor providing the donors a number for a nurse if they had any concerns.
After a teacher leaned of the page, she asked police to check on the three-year-old daughter and found she was in fact healthy.
Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday, with visitors — some of whom wore 'I met Tuah' buttons — lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse.
His parents Eve and Elijah, both passed away last fall just a few weeks after Tuah's birth.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife and their two sons before turning the gun on himself.
The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.
There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men.
They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast.
It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing.
Police said the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
The 44-year-old said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'
Some breakfast cereals can contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar.
Tea and coffee are notorious for staining the teeth, and if drunk regularly, can cause a person's teeth to turn yellow.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's husband.
Images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away.
They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.
Images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres, showing variations in surface materials, and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.
Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester.
Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department.
The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
Residents of Ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town.
On Wednesday, the police department wrote an emotional goodbye to Zeus thanking him for keeping them safe.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago.
He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent.
His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's game against Newcastle United.
Sturridge picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral.
The Spanish royals are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
AJ Francis, 24, plans to work for Uber during the off-season.
The Miami Dolphins defensive tackle is a regular user of the taxi app.
Francis, who played his college ball at Maryland, is set to make $510,000 next season.
An undergraduate student at Duke University has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus, university officials said Thursday.
Officials say the noose was found about 2am Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building.
The noose is a particularly sensitive image in a region where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.
British commentator Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats.
But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers and social justice groups.
She claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward.
'Make no mistake, these migrants are like cockroaches,' she said.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker.
Bedford Borough Council staff read an article in The Westmorland Gazette.
It said he had been attacked by cows in Cumbria on the third day of a hike.
He was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
Photos marking 50th anniversary of New York City's Landmarks Law look at the devastating architectural losses that led up to the law.
The law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978.
Landmarks Preservation Commission was given mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Owners of properties given designation must get permits from the commission before making restorations, alterations or additions.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods.
They covered their home in wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys.
Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies.
Others were from a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer.
Couple escaped prison but were given a 47-week curfew and restraining order.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth Team League.
Goals from Izzy Brown and Dominic Solanke secured the win.
The Blues are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions.
They will play Manchester City in their fifth final in six seasons.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season.
Watford are currently just one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth.
Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings.
Lawyers have warned that controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic.
The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters.
But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes.
The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
An average Australian breathes 22,000 times a day, draws 12,000 litres of air into their lungs each day and spends 90 per cent of their time indoors.
Bas van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits.
Van Velzen met Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic at Melwood.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour.
The brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday, 3pm)
Enner Valencia available for Hammers after toe injury.
Marc Wilson set to play for Stoke despite broken hand.
Jon Walters also in contention for West Ham after knee problem.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise.
The bold design of the new stadium could involve a'slide-out' grass pitch.
Extra-large changing rooms, to accommodate NFL squad sizes, are also being explored by architects.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date.
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland.
Claims on packaging it is from the UK, but a stamp on the meat is from New Zealand.
Asda says it has carried out an investigation into the mistake.
Mrs Sharp has refused to accept Asda's explanation that the mistake was a one-off.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica.
The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its under side.
Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog, given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century.
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR.
The Spaniard broke his nose last week after a poor clearance from Rob Green.
He removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner for Chelsea.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.
British photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
The title refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated, but also the idea of looking forwards a bleak winter following a lost summer of love.
Michelle Woods, 44, was told by daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving'
When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
The four-foot red and orange corn snake may belong to the property's previous tenant.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat.
Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern.
The top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
Iker Casillas handed the fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval.
The veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff.
Casillas then went over to see the spectator at the break.
Man shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, around 2:15pm.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride.
Nobody else was injured in the shooting, according to reports.
The iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour.
One town recorded more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act.
From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy.
Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Kevin Gameiro scored a late equaliser to put Sevilla into the last four of the Europa League.
Carlos Bacca had given Sevilla the lead with a penalty after Vitolo had been brought down by Neto.
But Kevin Gameiro equalised for the hosts with five minutes remaining.
Sevilla were two goals ahead on aggregate and with the majority of the game in their own half.
The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money to the Flatiron School in New York.
Karlie attended the two-week coding course, which costs $2,000 per student, last year.
She will be starting college at NYU's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in the fall.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona.
Pastore has scored three goals and five assists this season.
Cantona was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Kim Kardashian took her family to the Armenian church St James Cathedral.
The church is reputed to have been the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion.
Kim took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.
But she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner.
She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed.
Her grandfather Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer.
Benaud was renowned for his calming tone as broadcaster.
His pure disdain for Trevor Chappell's underarm delivery for Australia in 1981 is equally as memorable.
Kyle Walker picked up a foot injury against Burnley earlier this month.
Tottenham confirmed the England defender faces another month out of action.
Walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused.
The Keukenhof Gardens in the Netherlands is home to seven million blooms.
The Kenrouken in Kanazawa, Japan, is known for its cherry blossom blooms each year.
There are also bluebell-spotting opportunities in the UK.
Pippa, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, were spotted leaving a restaurant in Fulham.
The pair had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split.
Miss Middleton wore a tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top.
Kentucky Wildcats defeated University of Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 in NCAA semi-final game Saturday night.
The Badgers will now face Duke in Monday's final - the school's first final since 1941.
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
Another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston.
The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter.
At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
Unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland.
The 74-year-old actor has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.
He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.
Jordan's family said he sailed out of a marina in Conway, South Carolina, on January 23, and hadn't been heard from since until a German boat saw him clinging to the hull on Thursday morning.
Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a handball against Monaco.
The 30-year-old centre-half slipped onto the turf after slipping.
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second-leg.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday.
The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards.
Rafael Nadal's first match of the tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.
It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Catherine Grove, 28, went missing in July 2013, after abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
She returned to the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas, six days later, where she said she was'seeking the Lord'
The church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Grave has now announced in a YouTube video that she is set to marry a church elder.
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights.
McLaren and Honda made significant progress in Malaysia.
Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad.
Laura Cody, 23, and Tanbay Theune, 26, have been criss-crossing the globe.
Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.
A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery.
The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday.
The Serbian world No 1 has lost his last seven matches to the Scot.
Djokovic will now hold that distinction for the 141st week of his career on Monday.
Vincent Kompany was substituted during Manchester derby defeat.
Chilean boss Manuel Pellegrini says he is not under pressure.
Kompany could have been sent off for challenge on Daley Blind.
Sq Ldr Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach in 1940.
But he survived and persuaded a ship to take him back to England.
His incredible story came to light as his medals were put up for auction.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham.
The forward has scored just twice in the Premier League this season.
He has been linked with a move to Real Madrid or Chelsea.
Survey finds Scotland is the most popular part of the UK to tie the knot.
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside Scotland last year.
Tourism industry brought in £80 million last year alone.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August.
The relationship turned sexual in January, police have revealed.
Worthen allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'
Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police.
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, ‘on business’
The proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
The hotel offers the best of all ski holidays. All of the bedrooms are spacious, luxurious and en suite.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar as a pet for about two years.
They were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off.
A DNR officer showed up at the couple's door and shot Caesar dead.
The officer said Caesar 'came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace'
The family are now trying to get Caesar's body back, but have been told they can only take possession of ashes.
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
The actress, 47, made the comments in an interview with Stylist magazine.
The Duchess is famous for philanthropy but not, until now, feminism.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept.
The shooting left her paralyzed below the waist.
McCollom resigned from the chief's job in March.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India.
Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
Didier Drogba played his part in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Saturday night.
The Ivorian's charity ball raised a staggering £400,000 for his Foundation.
Drogba was delighted with how the evening panned out, as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure.
Project, launched last month, is part of dramatic extension of Help to Buy scheme.
It doubles number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000.
Property would be 20 per cent cheaper than their market value.
White female student captured in Snapchat photo detailing'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina.
Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking.
At the top of the list was the word 'n*****s', which was captured by a fellow student.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a Premier League match between Newcastle and Man City in January 2014.
Pardew has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive.
Crystal Palace boss believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era.
Carl Hayman admits Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Harry Redknapp said Sterling should focus on his football rather than his pay-packet.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating.
The package was sent from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart.
The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey.
Chris said Australia Post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville.
The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean in recent weeks.
Neville believes some work on the side in the summer is required.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
The pair are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents.
Sherwood hinted on Monday that if Ramsey's tenure at Loftus Road ends, he would ask to bring him to Villa Park.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball.
Defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match.
The England striker scored a sublime volley as Sunderland defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography.
Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from Democrats.
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy.
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with support of SNP.
But Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke.
The circuit has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives.
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app.
The 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s.
She struggled to meet someone so ever determined she came about creating her own app when the ones that were available weren't up to the job.
Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters but the app has since gone into decline seeing Josh seeking a five million dollar investment.
David Cameron claimed to be a West Ham supporter at an event.
The PM had previously said he followed Aston Villa.
Cameron has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade'
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to the same private school.
Mr Osborne went to St Paul's School for boys in the 1980s, where a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year.
Ms Harman, Labour's deputy leader, insisted they were only'standing up for people at the top'
London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands.
He told Boris Johnson: 'If in doubt, wedge it in'
After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors, the pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint.
They were at Advantage Children's Day Nursery in Surbiton, south west London.
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill.
He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state.
Benioff is now trying to relocate state employees who are 'uncomfortable' with the new law.
It is the most aggressive corporate reaction to the controversial legislation yet.
ISIS thugs filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra.
In the seven minute clip, jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues  in the 2,000-year old city.
Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president.
The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year.
Activists in the Missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries'
The Guard was activated in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter.
One owner threw a party with two live Siberian tigers on board.
Cecil Wright arranged for fresh fruit and vegetables to be flown from France to the Maldives.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in Birdsville, Queensland.
The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states.
He said nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets.
The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin.
After spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life.
Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January.
The two men small-talked in Zurich and said life in Madrid would be easier if Atletico Madrid weren't around.
Ancelotti has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season, losing one and drawing one in the domestic competition last season.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during Royals' FA Cup win.
He did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled.
Sumner said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience'
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Amanda Goff, 40, is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort.
She said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently 'better' mothers' when she revealed her double life.
The mother-of-two said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media, with interview requests flooding in from news organisations all over the world.
Ms Goff's ex-husband, Sydney banker David Basha, said he was disgusted with his former wife's decision to publicly announce her identity.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night.
Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute.
Steve Cotterill's side are now seven points clear of MK Dons.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5million in 2013.
The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term.
Coutinho made his Inter Milan debut at 18, but was underused at the San Siro.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in Tibet, China.
It has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
The macaque earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Ruth Davison is the director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation.
She is a Labour party member and owns a £1million house in Islington, London.
But she has not revealed just how comfortable her own house is.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week.
The signs are in front of the Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian-owned clothing store Dash and other hot spots such as the Ivy Restaurant and Cecconi's on Melrose.
Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the Kardashians specifically but the reality TV star obsession in general.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880.
They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement.
The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram.
Weinstein, 63, was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and denied Battillana's allegations.
A source close to The Weinstein Company told Page Six the groping allegations were nothing more than a 'blackmail attempt'
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent.
Arsenal midfielder was given opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients of the company.
Pele has bemoaned Brazil's performance as hosts at last summer's World Cup and said it was 'a disaster'
Chelsea held Arsenal to a 0-0 draw at the Emirates on Sunday.
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display.
Jose Mourinho hails Terry as the captain's best under him.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Oświęcim, Poland, is becoming a popular tourist destination.
The memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening.
It said there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year, a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up.
The latest tribute comes just one week after Ms Scott was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
Her son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents.
Michael Rule, 51, allegedly forged his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628.
Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann and the two sons accused of wrongdoing.
NTSUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem'
Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief package from Pakistan.
Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony.
Sean Heslop, 47, has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent.
He was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month.
A family member claimed he was 'the happiest he’s ever been' as he was looking forward to becoming a father this summer.
The woman, who cannot be named, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a London university.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
The squad had originally been set to leave immediately after the game.
But a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.
Players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.
She admitted there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed.
Her decision sparked an ugly blame game as architects of the £20million 'politically-motivated witch hunt' turned against each other.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy.
But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season.
The Spanish keeper has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping De Gea at Old Trafford.
Downton Abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show.
The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York.
Becky James has been out injured for a whole year now.
The British cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track.
James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
María Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly nine years behind bars for refusing to return her daughter to the United States.
Carrascosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as Spurs took 2-1 series lead.
Clippers must now come from behind after two straight defeats.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in all-Texan series.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old could be handed the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season.
Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint Dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he could not ban the pictures altogether.
But he urged movie starts to resist the temptation at this year's festival.
Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender among 17 films competing for prizes.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed.
They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure.
FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Daniel Carvajal.
The Atletico Madrid striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders, even having his face cut following a Ramos elbow.
Paul Scholes claims the Atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him.
The five-day-old hippo was thrown into the air after straying into the firing line of an adult male.
The calf's mother watched in horror as it was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with Bruce Jenner.
Mr Jenner's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended Mrs Howe's Lexus on February 7.
The former Olympic athlete is said to have 'lawyered up' because stepchildren are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit.
Sources close to the investigation believe Mr Jenner won't be prosecuted for manslaughter.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
The senior advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday with an online video.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday.
Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh.
The Bangladeshi said he spoke as a fan, and not the president.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate.
The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1.
It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Jose Mourinho started Willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind Eden Hazard and Oscar.
Oscar was substituted at half-time having not recovered from the blow with David Ospina.
Mourinho has been deprived of Diego Costa and Loic Remy in recent weeks.
Strikers Remy and Diego Costa are both working their way back to fitness.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom.
Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television.
Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday night's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol.
The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27.
She claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real.
Manhattan District Attorney concluded a criminal charge against Weinstein is 'not supported'
Weinstein, 63, is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman, 38.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was sacked by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body’s management board ahead of their spring meeting today.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job.
Andrew Strauss is also thought to be a contender.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions.
The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits.
He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries, with each one taking anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes to complete.
So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings, and has handed out five-star reviews to top attractions.
Oriol Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Stuttgart.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Aston Villa and Liverpool clash at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final.
Beatrice Tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month.
But last night it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge.
On the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Mr Tollman repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America after the couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite Mrs Tollman from the UK.
Alistair Brownlee won the World Triathlon Series in Cape Town.
The 27-year-old tripped during the run leg of the cycling stage.
Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Scientists discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California.
When they screened the genomes of the methane-eating bacteria they discovered the genetic fingerprint of the new virus.
This is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in.
An American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging eight floors from a balcony of a hotel before landing into a swimming pool.
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson.
Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony where he landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City.
He shares lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay.
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Sunday.
Chelsea travel to Manchester United in the FA Cup semi-final.
Manchester City host West Ham United at 1.30pm on Saturday.
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian in south east China, has not spoken a word in five days.
He drank water laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank.
But medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk.
They say combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night.
Police said Kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops.
Officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the Bronx building.
When officers got to the roof, some teens jumped and ran away.
However, Kuta and his 14-year-old companion, who has not been named, were pinned in by a dividing wall.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started.
AC Milan's starting line-up which defeated Liverpool in 2007 had an average age of 31y 34d.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy disappeared from the front garden of their home in Doncaster, South Yorkshire.
Neighbours believe they have captured the alleged thief on CCTV.
The theft has been reported to the police and the pairs owners are offering a £1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court.
Allegedly sent abusive tweets including death threat to writer Noel Clarke.
Mr Clarke said he viewed Deacon as a friend and fell out over work.
Deacon was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens.
It took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
The show centers on Lucious Lyon, played by Terence Howard, deciding which of his three sons will take over his company, Empire Entertainment.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa, Florida.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office and Code Enforcement.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh.
Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended FBI agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago.
Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is set to fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Manny's trainer Freddie Roach has labelled Mayweather Snr a 'terrible cornerman'
Mayweather Snr has refused to respond to Roach's criticism.
Vaccine is based on animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus.
When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?'
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago.
The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans.
More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
But yesterday the company’s marketing boss claimed the firm is ‘just trying to make the nation healthier’
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II.
They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.
During the experiment, an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs with the robot, but when the 'hackers' took control, the task proved difficult - or impossible.
While this experiment was performed in a controlled environment, the researchers said it is clear more stringent security measures are needed.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose.
The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City.
Fabregas has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist, who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba.
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood.
She now suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a recluse.
'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again,' she told MailOnline.
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat.
The encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington.
Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region.
Three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall in 100 years.
The NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast.
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to end three-year stand-off with Natural England.
Previous steps that lead down to popular tourist attraction were washed away in 2012.
Since then visitors have faced perilous scramble down cliff to reach shore.
Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' duty to reinstate the steps under the law.
Navinder Sarao, 36, allegedly made £26.7million in four years of dealing.
His family's semi-detached house in West London is closer to internet server.
It gives him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the City.
Sarao's thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from Central London.
He was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with parents.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday.
The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach and was charged with assault and public intoxication.
David Cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 free childcare spaces.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.
Mr Cameron will also argue ‘true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy.
He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade.
The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females.
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square.
He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world.
But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
Pope, 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they will finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives.
He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected.
There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the 'apartheid' between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall.
The 31-year-old was kicked and punched more than 20 times by three men.
Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
An online support group called Support Gareth has attracted over 1,500 likes on Facebook.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail.
Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the Italian car on the east side of the passenger door.
Watson, a hotel bellhop, described himself on his LinkedIn page as self-motivated, professionally mannered, humble and 'a very quick learner'
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
She was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs.
After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by Michele.
The eight-year-old wrote this later because she wanted to thank the social workers who 'investigated and solved' her case.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.
Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana.
Crouching over the fish, Quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water.
When suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report.
A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable'
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his career.
Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in his first red-ball innings.
The FA Cup will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal.
The new deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.
It comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday.
Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year.
J.M. Giordano, 41, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly.
The City Paper managing editor can be heard yelling 'He's a photographer! He's press!' to no avail.
Giordano says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but that they will not stop him from continuing to photograph the Gray protests.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
He thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire.
Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail, said that it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, has left the Obamas after seven years as the First Lady's loyal chief of staff.
Jarvis, who's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker, says she did not share Michelle's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore.
The Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) takes you from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
The scenic route winds through some of California's most wonderful scenery.
From Carmel, you find yourself at the edge of the spectacular area known as Big Sur.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago.
But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the nine-storey building's 239 other flats into her apartment.
Her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined - and she says she now hopes to move.
Ronda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after Wrestlemania 31.
The UFC women's bantamweight champion made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California.
Rousey is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce UFC rival Bethe Correia.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome.
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football.
The BBC puts in an estimated £3m per year for Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
A thick layer of dust on Mars covers the glaciers, so they appear as the surface of the ground.
But radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust.
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen.
They looked at how big the glaciers were, and also how similar they were to glaciers on Earth.
As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it.
If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour, owing to the low atmospheric pressure on Mars.
Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning – his first public appearance since Saturday.
His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day.
Labour election chiefs reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live TV debates, where he can speak directly to voters.
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts eponymous submarine from 1968 film.
Rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as master version.
More than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year.
Yellow Submarine led onto Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
Sam Allardyce launched a tirade at fourth official Robert Madley during West Ham's 2-0 defeat to Manchester City on Sunday.
The Hammers boss was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul against Stewart Downing.
Allardyce was unhappy with Downing for giving away possession in the build-up to City’s second goal scored by Sergio Aguero.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, stabbed Ricky James 39 times in November 2013.
He told police he wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' and cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween'
He was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole on Thursday.
James's brothers described him as the 'devil' and said they wanted him to suffer in prison.
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m)
The Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home.
Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
The 30-year-old from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
Some critics claimed that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.
It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to finish the beverage before its gets too cold.
The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy.
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in Stalin era.
The Hollywood blockbuster was due to premiere in Russia today but was pulled.
Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over Nazi Germany.
Culture minister Vladimir Medinsky condemned the film for its depiction of the horrors of the Stalin regime.
Mary Cowan, 92, generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to George Watson's College in Edinburgh.
She had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children.
Ms Cowan passed away in November last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as Olympic hero Sir Chris Hoy and rugby legend Gavin Hastings were taught.
A 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon.
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, said Susan Gregg, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
Police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Jason Denayer is set to return to England to spend a season on loan.
Manchester City have told Denayer they want him to spend next season.
Denayer is already a PFA Scotland Young Player of the Year nominee.
The 19-year-old had stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked.
The DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN.
President Barack Obama's top spokesman refused to engage speculation today about Leonhart's employment status nor would not put the weight of the White House behind her.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, created the colossal omelette.
It contains 12,000 calories and contains 945g of protein, 16 times the recommended amount for a man.
More than 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm Saturday until 6am Sunday.
Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue.
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets.
He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
Fantasy Café is one of the first establishments in China to charge an 'air-purifying fee'
The café has installed eight air purifiers 24 hours a day.
The decision has proved popular among customers, mainly students and white collar workers.
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea against Leicester City.
Marc Albrighton levelled for the hosts after 45 minutes.
John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the Leicester box.
Ramires scored his third goal with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia.
He believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country.
The traveller sits before corn, a café, boats and water, before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury.
The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain against Malaga.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown.
QPR could start Sunday's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures.
Nick Woodman, 39, is set to be named America's highest-paid CEO of 2014.
He clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units.
It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index.
Slumped to second place, Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.
But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery.
Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the Little Baby Face Foundation.
Giuliana Rancic's memoir Going Off Script details her relationship with Jerry O'Connell.
The E! star has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about Zendaya's hair style on Fashion Police.
On Monday she was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on her way to a Today Show appearance.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday.
She defied doctors' expectations and played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati.
But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device.
It moves it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front.
This airflow pulls in additional air using the large round air inlets plotted around the Q, and all of this is released through the main outlet.
The Q fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Footage shows Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend.
At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.
Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp.
The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
A quote attributed to Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer.
Aston Villa travel to Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood is confident Villa can secure their survival with five games remaining.
Villa are four points above the bottom three and face Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the clash.
The Ligue 1 Champions will also have to cope without the injured David Luiz.
Labour has moved two points clear of the Tories with just 21 days to go.
Mr Miliband's poll ratings remain dire despite growing lead.
Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a 'capable leader'
Just a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis'
The spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries.
Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span.
She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.
Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter'
The case will be appealed, the defense said.
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout, which included references to terrorism and beheadings, wasn't approved by administrators.
Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio.
He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog.
In court documents, Santana confessed to the strangling, stabbing and sexual intercourse.
Santana is now claiming he has multiple personalities, including one named 'Michael'
Dr. Frederic Brandt was found hanged in his New York City home on Easter Sunday morning.
The cosmetologist was suffering from extreme depression.
Brandt, who worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer, was reportedly upset over his portrayal in the Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk, scientists claim.
They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk - which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures.
On Wednesday, Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
She had met the boy at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages, but last year, the messages became sexual.
Pep Guardiola split his trousers during Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto.
The German club's manager joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
The current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The 27-year-old bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate.
Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies.
Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson.
The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless run out.
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007.
I can't remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match.
The idea that anybody might do that is absurd, right?
And what about the high profile Bible Group that exists on golf's PGA Tour and boasts major winners such as Bubba Watson and Webb Simpson among its members?
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, the poll of 46,000 people found.
The idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, yesterday.
When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Terry Richardson is known for his racy photo shoots and sexual assault allegations.
This week he faced accusations from model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
In an excerpt from an interview Kate did with Vogue in June 2014, it was claimed that Kate was not happy with Terry for releasing the 'Cat Daddy' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician.
He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.
Shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block.
Nathan was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
Open Garden’s FireChat app has been downloaded more than five million times.
It takes advantage of a feature that launched in iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF)
This lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network.
Greenstone lets users send messages to people in close proximity that are in Bluetooth or Wi-Fi Direct range - up to around 30 feet (9 metres)
Atletico Madrid have used third-party ownership lenience to their advantage.
Diego Simeone has been pulling the strings at the La Liga club in terms of transfers.
Sergio Aguero, Radamel Falcao and Diego Costa have all moved out.
The secret of Atletico's success is often exactly that – a secret.
Detective Ian Cyrus was caught on camera stealing cash from the store.
Store manager said he saw him grab a handful of cash from a rent money box.
He said he then bends down and appears to put the money in his coat pocket.
Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Massimiliano Allegri's side have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-finals.
Allegri believes that both sides will adopt a cautious approach.
The tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate.
But instead of getting lucky, the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance, sending it toppling over onto its back.
The amusing moment was caught on camera by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011.
Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.
But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care.
After just one month, a GoFundMe page started for the cause has received some $11,000 in donations.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie are to be moved from Elvis Presley's estate.
They are to form a new museum about the dead singer.
Visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of his home.
The Lisa Marie was bought from Delta Air Lines in 1975 for $250,000.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United.
The Dutchman's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago.
United need a quality right back – Nathaniel Clyne has been linked.
Phil Jones and Chris Smalling might become an all-time great at United.
Atlanta-based photographer Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty.
The series aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests - whatever they may be.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him with over 450 members.
The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills.
Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000.
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord.
But the club claimed the total theft amounted to £26,000.
Hughes, 31, spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month.
Pacquiao shared a video of his morning run on Wednesday.
Mayweather posted a video showing the American boxing star hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Steve McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle's short list for the head coach role at St James' Park next season.
The other is thought to be John Carver.
McClaren insists his sole focus is steering Derby to promotion at the end of the season.
Chloe Valentine died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012.
Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.
In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
The South Australian government is expected to respond to the coroner's finding later on Thursday.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre.
Elite troops called in from Nairobi to aid in pre-dawn attack on university.
But soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media claims.
Government representatives have defended the long response time.
They compared fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people.
They found significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line.
Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today.
They are accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'
Six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
They deny the charges against them, saying the babies were 'a gift'
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.
It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex.
Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions'
Animal charity has no more legal actions left under Hunting Act.
Last month it dropped case against William Bryer, joint master of Cattistock Hunt.
The stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works.
The stunt sparked outrage from the Costa Rican Tourism Institute, the presidential palace and the Foreign Ministry.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday.
The next qualifier for Michael O'Neill's side is against Romania on June 13.
Windsor Park is currently undergoing major redevelopment.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title.
The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban champion Richar Abril.
Abril was forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite.
Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually.
It will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
The final instalment, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, is debuting on Nov 20, 2015.
Researchers quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about drinking habits.
Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol and 70% to binge drink.
Between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use.
Cecily Strong hosted the annual White House Correspondents Dinner on Saturday night.
The SNL cast member poked fun at the president's inner circle and assembled media, including Hillary Clinton and NBC at the annual event dubbed the 'nerd prom'
She said that Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
ISIS has English language rules for all nurses.
NHS does not have the same level of checks.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service.
The reality star was arrested early Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer.
The 50-year-old was drinking vodka tonics at The Polo Lounge in The Beverly Hills Hotel when she was refused service by a bartender.
She then reportedly became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
She was issued a citation for trespass, resisting arrest, battery on police officer and drunk in public and was later released on $20,000 bail.
Sources close to Kim's family tell People that they are heartbroken at the star's behaviour which has become more erratic in recent months.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG), a rare childhood cancer, shortly after her 18th birthday.
Doctors told her she wouldn't make it past December - and she was told she had less than two years left before she passed away on Friday.
LeBron James, 30, posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via Twitter on Friday, just hours after she died from her rare tumor.
In the letter, the basketball star, dubbed King James, praised the 19-year-old for the 'leadership', 'c
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour in 10 marginal seats.
Ukip leader admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign.
But insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday after losing 2-0 to Derby County.
Caldwell has been at the club for five years and is the youngest manager.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband.
But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home.
Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 at Den's Park on Wednesday night.
Gary Mackay-Steven and Jim McAlister scored for the hosts.
Ronny Deila's side are now eight points clear of Aberdeen.
Indian salesman accused of posting 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
The 41-year-old allegedly posted the derogatory statements after watching a news item about the Iraq war on television last July.
If found guilty, the suspect could face seven years in jail, a fine of between Dh250,000 to Dh1 million, or both.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City on Friday morning.
Workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out.
Mr Zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser.
First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village on Saturday.
The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.
Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
He will appear in connection with murder of Tracey Woodford, 47, today.
Ms Woodford's body was discovered with'massive injuries' at flat on Friday.
She was reported missing on Wednesday and her body was found two hours later.
Police said she was with a man at the Skinny Dog pub for two hours the night before.
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record.
This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F.
Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures, melting of polar ice and glaciers, and rising seas.
Players with 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected for test matches.
Players with over 60 caps will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas.
Other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons.
Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – Taipa and Coloane.
It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
The highlights for Judith Chalmers were the Ruins of St Paul’s and Senado Square.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday.
The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b.
They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere.
And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h)
The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals.
To measure the wind, the team measured how the sodium lines were ‘blueshifted’
This means its light was stretched in such a way to indicate it was coming towards us.
The planet was already known to orbit 13 times closer to its star that Mercury is to our
Eric Heath Price, 25, allegedly shot Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, in Alabama.
Mrs Price reportedly ran into doctor's office in Jemison screaming 'call the police'
He then returned to nearby home and staged standoff with police.
When police fired tear gas into house, he came outside and was shot.
He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head.
Price has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, who was a nursing student.
Jim Furyk claimed the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head.
Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole.
The former US Open champion finished 18-under in regulation play.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6- 3 in the semi-final of Monte Carlo.
The world No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row.
Djokovic will now face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final.
Disneyland has seen a number of changes since its grand opening in 1955.
It is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of Walt Disney.
In 1955, an adult ticket cost a mere $1, with additional charges for attractions.
This cost contrasts strongly with 2015, and tickets are now priced at $99.
Producer Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music.
He posted a clip of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first single.
The track, entitled I Won't Mind, sent fans and one of Zayn's former band mates into turmoil.
South Australian law professor Rick Sarre said police acted 'outrageously'
Karen Davis was reported for flashing her breasts on Google Street View.
The 38-year-old handed herself into police voluntarily.
Ms Davis was branded a 'bad mother' and 'pure filth' for her raunchy behaviour.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona.
Found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions.
One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies.
Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The 61-year-old has also been charged with preparing and instigating acts of terrorism.
His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of the 1970s band Boney M.
Mr Mitchell founded An Noor Mosque in Acton where Abdul Hadi Arwani was a preacher.
He was arrested on Wednesday night and today Scotland Yard revealed they had further arrested the Jamaican national.
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn.
Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.
Issues Yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final.
Kerber had defeated Andrea Petkovic in the semifinals.
Keys won her only WTA title, at Eastbourne last June.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute.
Darren Bent added a third for the Championship side in the second half.
Tom Ince scored Derby's fourth goal of the night in the 28th minute.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children, and her story will be featured in a TV documentary.
Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs.
Demetri Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt.
Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money.
Once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car.
Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Luo Kun Kun was forced out of his village when villagers signed a petition.
They said he 'provokes fear among the community' and was a 'ticking time bomb'
But now a specialist school in Linfen, China, has stepped in to help.
The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
The Ultimate Bear Safari tracks polar bears, grizzly bears and spirit bears in Arctic Canada, the Arctic Circle, Alaska and British Columbia.
The rarest animal that guests can hope to see is the critically endangered Siberian Tiger in Russia.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London.
The seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759.
This is more then the average property cost in some of the UK's most expensive cities, including Oxford, Bath and Edinburgh.
In the west London neighbourhood of Notting Hill, prices average £1,629,495.
Natasha Willard, 17, fell ill while studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran.
She appeared to get the flu just before Christmas and her condition worsened.
Doctors have told her family they are unsure if she will make a full recovery.
They are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university.
They also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor.
The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league.
Carlisle manager says football was always his priority after ending his playing career.
The 51-year-old won three England caps but has spent most of the past 13 years in places where TV rights do not sell for billions.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.
Celtic wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend's defeat to Inverness, seeking 'to understand' how Steven McLean and his assistants failed to act on the Meekings incident.
Rand Paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including, Savannah Guthrie.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday.
The confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion.
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.
He dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by.
The seven-year-old ran out of the woods in front of the inspector's van.
When she opened her cab door, Alfie bounded in and started licking her face.
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds.
Ulster and Ireland prop Fitzpatrick had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons.
Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, makes more than one dollar per minute from selling her used underwear online.
Custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents out of cash.
She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground in Manchester.
Police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.
Hotel Chocolat has improved on the original recipe with their playful take on the sarnie.
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday.
Authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
The boy, who cannot be named, had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago.
He had to stay in care of his local authority due to his poor dental health.
Details emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play.
Their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
Derby have not won in seven games under Steve McClaren.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip.
Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.
The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Smoke poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm.
The fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed.
It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
'Untested and unscientific' apps cause stress by making us worry.
Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app.
But Dr Des Spence warned newer apps could be causing unnecessary worry.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return.
Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Sri Lankan Kumar Sangakkara scored a century as Surrey reached 363/3.
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you.
Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations.
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in graveyard of St Nicholas Church.
She begged him to think of their children as he launched vicious attack.
But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened.
Norris jailed for 20 years at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area.
Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment.
When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
News comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
She says women love cars just as much men!
But that's not the reason she believes she'd be perfect for the role.
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 2-1 at Carrow Road on Friday night.
Alex Tettey's early own goal gave the visitors the lead.
Aitor Karanka's side could be overtaken by Bournemouth on Saturday.
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver.
The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours but miraculously suffered only minor injuries.
Rescuers used ropes to go down the cliff or hiked in via a creek bed to reach the upside-down car.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him.
The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed he was choked and ordered that he get back into his car.
In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay.
The 38-year-old has found the net just once in 38 appearances this season.
Davies was an unused substitute for Preston's 3-0 win at Bradford.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016.
The 23-year-old can play full back, wing or centre.
Piutau has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey.
It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly.
Most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless.
But money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in management.
The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986.
Ferguson announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute following a blistering counter-attack.
Kevin Mirallas doubled the lead in the 74th minute after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.
The result was Louis van Gaal's biggest defeat as Manchester United manager.
In the same fixture last season a man dressed as the Grim Reaper sat behind then-United manager David Moyes.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder in a moment of madness.
Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league.
Zavala later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey.
Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps.
Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her.
Alcorn is not believed to have sexual feelings for the girl but allegedly told police of a 'deep love' she has for her.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year.
Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have come face-to-face just once in the build-up to the fight.
Mayweather was welcoming Mariah Carey to his Las Vegas gym.
Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Kimmel's talk show and delighted the audience with a rendition of his walk-in song.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake's murder case.
Earlier this month, Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch.
Samuels later taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: ‘The English boys don’t learn’
Stokes is 94 not out after West Indies toiled to 188 for five.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe.
He insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees.
His comments came as experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year.
Second blast from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash.
The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded.
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican.
Channel 7 allowed the name Hugh G. Rection to feature on the screen during the broadcasting of The Good Friday Appeal.
Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
Brisbane's Anglican Archbishop has supported calls for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped.
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly in his calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law.
The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child.
His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying.
But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
Aaron Finch must recover from hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer.
Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians.
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad'
Survey of 1,000 undergraduates reveals dramatic fall in support for Green party.
Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have seen falls in their levels of dislike.
But Labour has been the main beneficiary, with 35 per cent saying they will vote for Ed Miliband.
England defeated West Indies by 13 runs in the second Test.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 runs during the second innings.
Cook has not scored a century yet but is making good half-centuries.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements.
His daughter Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments.
She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United.
Leeds took two months to appoint assistant Steve Thompson.
Thompson was suspended until the end of the season effectively ending his time at Elland Road after 105 days.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her heaviest.
Doctors warned her she would be dead by the age of 30.
She has since lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former weight.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition.
She will then move to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Devon.
Ms Carney will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
Heather Mack, 19, could spend 15 years in jail for murder of her mother.
Sheila von Wiese-Mack's body was stuffed inside a suitcase in Bali.
Justice and Human Rights Minister Yasona Laoly visited Mack in Kerobokan Prison.
He checked on conditions in Mack's cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners.
Minister said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start her life in prison.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits.
Pictures include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of killing her husband, American Sniper, Chris Kyle.
The 40-year-old told Roberts she had to do everything she could to tell her children their father had been killed.
Kyle broke down in tears on the stand during the first day of the trial.
Tommy Thompson, 62, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio.
Thompson led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank during a hurricane in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
Around 400 people drowned in the 19th-Century shipwreck.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay.
Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940.
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940.
Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported.
The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde.
Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative.
Mark Selby began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship.
The 31-year-old from Leicester rocked Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final.
Selby returned to ease 6-3 ahead of Kurt Maflin in their first-round tussle.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men.
He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final.
The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem.
Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week but is not certain.
Charlie Adam has been the talk of football this Easter weekend.
Adam's 66-yard strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois absolutely no chance.
Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves.
The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies.
But its success may lie in the use of words author J.K Rowling chose across the series - rather than the texts as a whole.
By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings.
Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity'
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint.
The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark.
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, sailed past Explorer of Seas this afternoon.
The cruise liners, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean, will both be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean over the summer.
After the summer, the ship will move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation.
She also frequently needed to urinate and had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis.
It was only when she stumbled across a post on Facebook that she realised it could be cancer.
Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was on his second shift at Premier Stores in Flixton.
He was attacked by a knife-wielding raider who demanded all the money from the till.
CCTV footage shows the pair grappling over the knife before being stabbed.
Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in Palmers Green.
It allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank.
The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts.
Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678.
Ore was due to stand trial this week, but yesterday admitted her part in the scam.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday night.
Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the Gers.
Stuart McCall's side leapfrogged Hibs into second place with six games remaining.
Daniel Boykin, 33, was fired from the TSA after becoming obsessed with a coworker.
He stalked her, took videos and photos and broke into her house five times.
Boykin pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.
On top of the six months in prison, the sentence includes more than 1,500 photos of the victim.
Cristiano Ronaldo is to give Real Madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded.
AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key, considering Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar.
Mundo Deportivo are reporting that if Barcelona beat Sevilla, then they're 'halfway to La Liga,' as Luis Enrique welcomes back Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets and Neymar.
Pictures show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border.
Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger.
The shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, 29, in Dublin.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a social media project called Twin Strangers.
The aim was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world'
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16.
But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3.
It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the venue.
Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars.
He told the court attending his father's clubs gave him an 'inflated sense of power and entitlement'
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to Britain.
The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany.
Nico Rosberg took first place in second practice for Bahrain Grand Prix.
Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton was slower in sectors one and two.
Rosberg and Hamilton finished 15th and 16th, 1.466secs and 1.705secs adrift of Kimi Raikkonen in his Ferrari.
William Schultz, 18, has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend's nine-year-old brother to death in a Northern California town.
Jordan Almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood's John Muir Hospital.
Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home.
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses alternative medicine.
The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck.
Poulter has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past.
Wladimir Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years.
Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Friday.
The Ukrainian superstar won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996.
Amal Clooney tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September.
The 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
Her wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since then.
Several of the outfits she has been photographed in since cost at least £1,000.
Laura Robson has been out of action since the 2014 Australian Open.
The 21-year-old shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival.
Robson had tendon surgery and is now nearing a return.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at London Welsh.
The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets.
Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season.
Both William and Kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street.
Lord Janner escaped prosecution for string of child abuse allegations.
But CPS said Alzheimer's has left him unfit to face trial.
Lord Macdonald QC said CPS lawyers failed to pass new evidence to him.
He said: 'It is a matter of great regret that I was never informed of this case'
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster.
Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers.
He is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with Hampden chiefs.
But that did not stop Ashley exerting influence.
Two of his closest associates - Derek Llambias and Barry Leach - sat as directors until King forced them out at last month's general meeting.
New YouGov poll shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP.
Just 25 per cent backing Labour, robbing him of an overall majority.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government.
But the SNP leader demanded full fiscal autonomy for Scotland in return.
Luka Modric has sprained a ligament in his right knee.
The Croatian midfielder could miss the rest of the season with the injury.
Gareth Bale picked up a calf injury in the same game on Saturday.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexican striker is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs.
Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to transgender women.
The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.
It includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady and how to dress according to body shape.
Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint.
The team have already patented the optical part of the system, which is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window.
A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy.
Ross Thomson, a Scottish Conservative Councillor, posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today.
Booker Prize winner Hilary Mantel has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway.
The title of her second novel Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'
Mantel has also cut 'a lot of repetition' to create a tighter, better play.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services.
McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and mocked the Digger's bravery.
He also accused the Australian diggers of committing war crimes.
The comments incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life.
He grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach.
The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
United have won all five of their Premier League matches in his absence.
Van Persie is expected to feature against Manchester City on Sunday.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Saturday Night Live sketch made light of teacher raping her 16-year-old student.
During clip, he refers to the attack as 'the best day of my life'
Viewers have slammed the sketch on Twitter, with some calling it 'gross'
Another said it was a 'new low' and sent the wrong message about sexual abuse.
YouTube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times.
Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project.
The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop.
After encountering some trouble, he crash lands on a planet and is first greeted by a dog.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'
He said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars.
Kanye, Madonna, Beyonce and other famous musicians were all co-owners of Jay Z’s new Tidal streaming service last month.
Gran Canaria is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons.
Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic, said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world.
Aldi opened its doors in Avlaston, Derbyshire, at 8am this morning.
More than 200 people queued outside the store to get their hands on prizes.
The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors.
Former Derby County player Craig Ramage cut the ribbon at the event.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan.
The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.
But international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll.
Luis Suarez scored his second goal of the season to make it 3-0 to Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
Neymar opened the scoring for PSG with an 18th-minute strike.
Barcelona have scored more goals than any Champions League team away from home this season.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms.
The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, has been placed on the FBI's Most Wanted list.
Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile.
He has now been accused of a massive fraud involving super cars including Lamborghinis, Bentleys and Rolls Royces.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
John Terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time.
Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Red Devils' squad travelled to London via train on Friday afternoon.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young were among the stars who made the trip.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four United players ruled out of the clash due to injury.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Rooney may have to revert to a midfield role against the Blues.
The tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
In Maine, wetlands, rivers, and upland forest provide refuge for Atlantic salmon, bald eagle, and Canada lynx.
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson.
He abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island.
When they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head.
As Olsen pointed the revolver at the officer's head he threatened: 'If you come any closer I will blow your effing head off'
He was found guilty of GBH with intent and jailed for 12 years.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in December last year.
In a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy, Florida, allegedly had sex with another student at his house before school.
Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The fight has been billed as the fight of the century.
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative rings ahead of the bout.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character.
Mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve unnaturally sharp cheekbones.
Her bone structure is a result of clever contouring.
Footage appears to show Thabo Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck.
Moments later, the video also shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs.
It happened on the same night as Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea.
Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them.
Derby were held to a 2-2 draw by Watford at the iPro Stadium.
Steve McClaren's side are six points off the top two after the draw.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute.
But a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game.
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'
Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone.
The 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling.
Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help others.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New York, at the time and flew home on April 1, two days after the pair went missing.
He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a 'domestic dispute'
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945.
At its peak in 1950, the fleet consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year.
Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater.
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
Strange cardboard signs have appeared all over the Surrey village of Milford.
One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please'
Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life'
In total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts.
Lee Cattermole has missed Sunderland's last two games through suspension.
The midfielder was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle.
Dick Advocaat is looking for a big response from a player who has yet again missed a significant proportion of the campaign through injury.
Italian bio-designers MHOX have designed a range of synthetic eyes.
They plan to combine biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology.
This could replace and even enhance the vision of people suffering from eye disease.
The team say their synthetic eyes could be available by 2027.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January.
The 23-year-old joined the Italians from Bayern for a fee in the region of £12million.
Shaqiri has been dropped to the bench for the previous two Serie A matches.
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday.
The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Championship going into stoppage time after Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored.
Chris Maguire earned the Owls a point from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu.
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
According to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts.
Women are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs.
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
All four children were taken to St Christopher’s Hospital for Children for evaluation and were found to be in good condition.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in Vietnam in the past year.
Farmers claim the animals are dying from disease and old age.
But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
They are being sold to China for use in traditional medicine, sources say.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday night.
The Robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
Aden Flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins this season.
Mesut Ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining Arsenal.
Ozil was off the pace at the beginning of the season, but is now back to his best.
The German star says his injury has helped him recover after a busy schedule.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
The two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida.
Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected.
Martistee is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished.
It is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers.
The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
Experts at Consumer Reports in the US tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp.
They found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.
E.coli, MRSA, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning - were found in 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics.
Seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection resistant to a number of antibiotics.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
'All shots were done perfectly. These executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week.
She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and lost 8st after changing her diet and exercising.
Says she 'wants to be healthy forever' and is now a size 12.
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference.
She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Today, she was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the conference.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway in Ortford, Kent.
It was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.
But during the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was told she was infertile after having her fourth child.
She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago.
Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration.
He was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antic for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene.
The Atlanta Hawks player made the statement through his club's Twitter account, saying that his injury had left him in 'great pain' and 'was caused by the police'
The incident happened on the same night that Pacers player Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea, New York.
Charities last night welcomed move to create new generation of lifesavers.
Previously, only Liberal Democrats had promised to add crucial lessons.
But last week Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support.
Rickie Lambert was about to play at a World Cup but his stock has fallen.
Lambert has scored 20 goals for Southampton this season.
Mario Balotelli has been useless in the Premier League and Champions League.
Unnamed woman sent out invitations to her son's first birthday.
She lists very specific requests, including large and pricy gifts.
Invitation has been viewed more than a million times on Reddit.
Natasha Jonas has announced her retirement from boxing.
The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor at London 2012.
Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games.
Philadelphia Office of Transportation aims to get pedestrians off their phones.
Video features characters in'safety suits' including Bubbleman and a young man in flashing lights.
Campaigners are seen talking to residents about dangers of not looking up from one's phone.
37 people died from being hit by cars last year, according to the city.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret'
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable'
Gray's stepfather, Richard Shipley, confirmed the death of his stepson.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty.
The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands.
As a result, a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down the price for consumers.
Jay Z unleashed a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal.
The rapper and businessman insisted that Tidal is good for all artists and not just a money-maker for the big name artists like Kanye, Rihanna and Madonna who have joined him as co-founders.
Reports claim that Apple, which is launching its own music service, is trying to stop any growth by Tidal by delaying availability of updates for its app.
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle on Saturday.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the Parkhead side.
Edward Ofere equalised for the visitors in the second half.
Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee.
Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
Will Stack, 22, was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday.
He decided to use empty median lane to access left turn lane, which was full.
Moments later, he was stopped by officer for 'improper use of median'
Mr Stack, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, says he was given a warning.
In video, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack explains why he is telling his story.
Pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs in Yakutsk, eastern Russia.
The controversial contest is held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.
Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia, particularly at this time of the year.
John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is saying of his father's decision; 'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family'
The film Roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production.
The idea for the film came about when Noel Marshall and Hedren discovered an abandoned plantation house overrun by a large pride of lions while touring wildlife preserves in Africa.
Passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge.
He said the smell was so bad it forced the operator to cancel the service.
London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of the culprit.
Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining.
To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League.
Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years and is now 65 stone.
He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
After the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of coping with his grief.
Nathan Dailo uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds.
The clip has now received almost 26,000 views.
Nathan glides a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off.
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ between now and June 24.
The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery.
The 56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'
It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
It was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy.
Fraser Ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham, Lady Gaga and Kylie and Kendall Jenner, who have all been spotted with the brand's blue bags.
The multi-millionaire, from Aberdeen, is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX outlet.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming.
The Sunderland midfielder could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty.
But the club announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke.
15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate'
Last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown into sea.
Survivors from boat claim men tried to throw other Christians off side of vessel.
But they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben Seewald recently announced that she is pregnant with their first child.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel.
According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
Underwater volcanoes are known to be widespread on the floor of the world's oceans at joins in the tectonic plates.
They are located in the deep ocean, where their activity can be difficult to measure, although some in shallow water can erupt with enough lava to create new islands.
Scientists have struggled to study underwater volcanoes like the one above as they are hard to spot.
Using their unique sound signature, researchers will be able to detect different types of eruptions and record the gases being released far more accurately.
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes.
about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth.
It will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso.
The company has not started selling tickets for flights on New Shepard or released pricing information.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.
Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland.
More than 260 SES crews and 600 volunteers will be out in the field on Wednesday while the worst storm in a decade continues to batter the state.
Prince Harry is in Australia to report for official military duty.
He was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
The royal joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives.
Harry was wearing a wristband in support of his charity project Invictus Games.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over four years.
She injected potassium straight into the blood stream of her six elderly patients.
All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital.
Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
Lisa Webb, 34, moved to France in 2009 and began working as a substitute teacher.
She was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers.
When offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks' and eating everything put in front of them.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
Lisa Lai told the Daily Camera newspaper she avoided hitting a crash in front of her and ended up propped against a highway barrier — and out of the way — as other peoples' vehicles piled up.
In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225.
FBI investigating reports of Saudi family fleeing Florida two weeks before 9/11.
Relatives of Esam Ghazzawi lived in plush Sarasota home until they fled.
They left cars, furniture and food in refrigerator right before the attacks.
FBI said report was 'unsubstantiated' and said family had'many connections'
Some questioned whether agency is whitewashing Saudi involvement in attacks.
The footage was captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
The group of youngsters viciously attacked the victims just seconds before the train pulled into the station.
They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago.
She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online.
Heinrich soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen from Valente.
'Washington's horribly broken,' Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Tuesday, but it came in the midst of a TV interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions.
Paul sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped.
African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
The huge creature then begins to size up the bull, which is clearly unperturbed by the actions of the elephant.
Charles Collins, 28, jumped onto the tracks after Alfred McNamee fell.
McNamee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen.
Collins said: 'I just saw him and jumped down... just instincts'
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.
Labour claims its tax break would be funded by a squeeze on tax avoidance.
A Labour government would change planning law to give first-time.
buyers ‘first call’ on up to half of homes built locally.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.
The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in Indiana.
She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month.
Hill played four games, raising $1.5million for pediatric cancer and leaving a legacy of fundraising that will be continued after her death.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop.
The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection.
Pocket Wellies are essentially wellies you can carry in your pocket or bag.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos.
As the light was fading on Monday, three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney.
The photo was posted on the Sprout Daily Facebook page, captioned: 'I didn't see a wave ridden but it was thrilling enough to see men scaled against these mountainous seas'
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder.
The daredevil jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
In the clip, which features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented, the daredevil is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players.
Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Manchester United.
The Dutchman is frustrated by the lack of football intelligence he has found in the squad at Old Trafford.
Gertrude Weaver, who was already the oldest person in America, died on Monday in Camden, Arkansas.
The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'
Weaver passed away from complications due to pneumonia, according to KATV.
Lucy, 23, and Lydia, 19, model for fake tan brand, Sunkissed.
Sisters show off toned legs in new shoot.
Lucy admits she used to overdo it on orange tan in teenage years.
Warrington Wolves face struggling Warrington Wolves on Easter Monday.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will lead the way for the Wolves.
Clark says he still follows the fortunes of his boyhood club.
Warrington have won their last five home games against Castleford.
Queen Elizabeth II placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m.
This is compared with 285th last year and puts her outside of the top 300.
Len Blavatnik topped the list with a fortune of £13.2bn.
Sri and Gopi Hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at £13bn.
Software extracts relevant colour information from images or artworks found online.
Graph shows clear trend toward more blue paintings toward end of 20th Century.
All colours increasing except for orange.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker.
The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
He has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes, had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica after developing a serious leg infection.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent.
Save the Bilby Fund CEO said it's very difficult to pin point the exact number of bilbies left in Australia because of their ‘cryptic’ nocturnal habits.
Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby.
According to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.
At least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake.
Clinton boasts two-thirds of a million Facebook 'likes,' but more than 46,000 of them list 'Baghdad' as their hometown.
The White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved.
Kate Brower, an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead.
But Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row to launch a comeback.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.
David de Gea, Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal all started.
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time.
Burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny.
The former rugby league superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations.
Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule.
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort.
French President Francois Hollande paid a brief visit to the warship, which was due to set sail later in the day.
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment.
Said the fact more jobs were being created was'moral triumphs' of government.
Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency.
A new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays.
But others say they protect the skin from the inside.
Here, Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist, gives his verdict.
Oratory School in Fulham, West London, ordered to revise admissions policy.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator accused school of cherry-picking privileged white children.
But High Court judge said decision was 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Pedro would command wages of £90,000 a week at the Nou Camp.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted the Barcelona forward.
Click here for more Liverpool transfer news.
Anders Lindegaard tied the knot with Misse Beqiri last year.
The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012.
Lindegaard has struggled for minutes during his career at Manchester United.
Researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too, which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke.
The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them.
Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity.
But a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine.
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and Sesame Street favourite Elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy.
The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December.
Sarah Wilson hit out at Mamamia after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder.
The journalist and lifestyle guru complained to the website after her image was used to illustrate a story.
Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer.
Dele Alli was named the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham for £5million in January.
Alli has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for MK Dons.
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction.
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years.
Renee Somerfield has responded to the backlash against the Protein World advert.
The 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
Online fitness store Protein World, who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped, have been actively engaging in the furore on social media.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote letters from bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside.
He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children.
Brady, who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around, expressed no remorse.
Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking hip and arm.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The 25-year-old joined the Bernabeu outfit for a world record £86million.
Zinedine Zidane insists that Bale will not be joining Manchester United.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told GMA on Monday that she watched her ex-husband, Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children.
'He opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret. He had to be a woman,' she said.
Bruce, who has a son Burt, 36 and a daughter Cassandra, 34, revealed he identified as a woman during a prime time interview with Diane Sawyer on Friday night.
The 65-year-old told Sawyer that 'for all intents and purposes I
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday.
LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series.
Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener.
Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92.
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school.
The pledge is contained in a ‘home-school agreement’ which all children must sign before they start in September.
Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school.
It has been reported that Katie still checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out.
It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as Katie worries that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction.
Kieran famously cheated on Katie with two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
She is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge, her first public appearance.
Chelsea deny that the Terry exchange took place, describing it as an 'urban myth'
Lydia Ko shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration.
The 17-year-old equalled former world No 1 Annika Sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threaten to remove kindergartner Logan from class because the oils smell.
The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
She claims she received a letter from the local school board stating the oils had created a 'problem' for staff and students.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand.
But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed.
Council has now apologised and said it 'never intended to be racist'
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par.
McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
The National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts.
Sylvain and I flew to the US from Manchester and spent four nights in the city.
One of the couple's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on September 11, 2001.
While Samia shopped at famed stores such as Tiffany and Co, Sylvain worked out in the gym.
'Altamura Man' was found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy.
DNA analysis revealed he was a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago.
He is thought to have starved to death and died in the narrow space.
Over thousands of years, his body decayed and the remaining bones became incorporated into stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his divorce.
The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet and double bed.
It is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United.
Coutinho managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul.
Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 at the Nou Camp.
The Argentine has now scored 400 goals in 471 games for Barcelona.
Luis Enrique's side move five points away from Real Madrid.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, believes his Droops coffee maker could be the solution.
He took inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines.
It involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar.
Mr Chow says the sugar coating will come in varying thickness and flavourings to suit all tastes.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents.
This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year.
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies.
Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com.
The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked.
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery.
The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 73rd minute.
Gerard Pique made an incredible, game-saving tackle on Celta striker Charles.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez all scored in the win.
Rory McIlroy's bid to complete a career grand slam at Augusta National was disrupted by bad weather on Tuesday.
Weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days.
The typically warm and humid Georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into Augusta for the weekend.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred.
Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1.
A family on New York's Long Island tried to keep a snowman alive for as long as possible, but the Frosty melted this weekend.
Mike Fregoe and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall.
But since the beginning of April, he began shrinking and the family started a Facebook page asking for'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive.
Last week, temperatures had risen so much that he was shoveling snow in a tank top.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive using only traditional Chinese medicine for decades.
Now she's invited BBC cameras inside The Zhai Clinic to reveal the secrets of her success.
Dr Zhai prescribes a bespoke course of vitamins - 24 tablets a day for two weeks - containing Chinese herbs to help conception.
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself using a selfie stick to film himself.
The man appears to make a success of the video and even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning.
But he is oblivious to the chairlift swinging into view behind him.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives.
Party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on teenager at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square.
He then ordered victim to wait in VIP area for at least 30 minutes, threatening to kill her if she did not oblige.
Two months later, he raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich, south east London.
Both rapes were reported to police but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
The girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xionge, whom she was dating, because of their age differences.
Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car.
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint.
An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.
The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces.
Linda Thompson, 64, tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before Bruce's highly-anticipated interview with Diane Sawyer is set to air on ABC.
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete, one of him celebrating his victory at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 and one of his sporting image on a billboard.
She compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete.
Leah O'Brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance.
O'Brien's fiancé, Alton Hines, recently spoke out about the night he found out she had been killed.
The mother-of-two leaves behind two daughters, Kori and Rachel, 10; Rachel is staying with relatives.
Driver of the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19-year-old Ramiro Pedemonte.
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia.
Louis van Gaal and his side are about to sign off a visit to America.
The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm.
Cook has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to New Zealand.
England somehow try this summer to regain the Ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14.
Labour leader Ed Miliband says David Cameron is trying to be Prime Minister without taking the job interview.
The Prime Minister will be absent when Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown.
Mr Miliband accused the PM of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways and spending pledges.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.
He posted photographs of himself on Facebook posing in a wig and glasses.
The image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police.
Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months.
But he was arrested again in December last year upon his release.
Easy is now facing four months in jail for breaching a restraining order.
Holly Barber, 25, from Manchester, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.
She chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before.
But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
Rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms.
They were blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue.
A year later medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung.
Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney.
Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with Lia Palmquist and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night.
Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them.
Sellers quickly fired back: 'She did'
More than two dozen babies recently born to surrogate mothers for gay Israeli couples are being airlifted out of Nepal to safety.
The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'
The offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012.
The eight officers include Captain Jason Fox, 42, a two decade veteran and Sergeant Michael Wibunsin, a 12-year veteran.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured.
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW.
A young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace.
Jessica Ennis-Hill beat Tatyana Chernova in the heptathlon in 2011.
Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011.
Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.
She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
But the GMC is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne.
The message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre's supervisors told workers that it was an April Fools' Day prank.
DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn.
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he is lucky to be alive.
Manny Pacquiao is the underdog going into the fight against Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at whoever he comes across.
The Filipino is confident he can win the fight in Las Vegas.
Click here for more boxing news.
Chelsea had a good shout for an early penalty when Oscar was clipped by Hector Bellerin.
But Michael Oliver was more decisive when Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla.
The fall was exaggerated and theatrical and might have influenced Oliver as he cautioned the Spaniard for simulation.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, one.
Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12.
Sufferers usually don't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia.
Mrs Barden has already made arrangements for both daughters' funerals.
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film.
People sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them.
An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand.
Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly.
She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £50 compensation.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people.
In meetings with our undercover reporters, they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable.
They said they could never be honest with people about consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near miss.
100mph collision between steam excursion and First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute.
The nationwide ban by Network Rail is the first since privatisation.
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water.
Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung.
It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay.
The clawed creature can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
A first-of-its-kind robotic vehicle recently dove to depths never before visited under Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf and brought back video of life on the seafloor.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The two sides met in the final of last season's competition in Lisbon.
Real have not beaten Atletico since that memorable night in May last year.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday.
During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom, the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.
His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
The Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday.
It wasn't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole in the nose of the plane.
The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured.
Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months in jail for the alleged murder of Warriena Tagpuno Wright.
The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase across state borders.
Tostee borrowed his father's car for a booze-fuelled rise across into northern NSW and then back over the border where he was booked by Queensland police just weeks before he allegedly murdered Ms Wright on a Tinder date.
He will be eligible for parole on August 1.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop.
The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, lung, lungs and neck.
But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy.
Hospital staff were amazed when he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment.
After Harley's story made headlines around the world, staff at children's TV channel Nickelodeon even sent Harley a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to transform herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes, wearing a red bow tie.
The mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
The dolphins were found on a beach in Hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo.
Coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached.
The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, they said.
Leicester have won three of their last four Premier League games.
Nigel Pearson's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
The Foxes face Burnley on Saturday at the King Power Stadium.
The Barbie doll's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers.
The account's creators pose Barbie in front of famous landmarks - not pictures or green screens - including Notre-Dame in Paris.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
He also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali against George Foreman in their Rumble in the Jungle.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Per Mertesacker believes Arsenal have become a stronger unit from last season's FA Cup success.
The Gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form.
They have won 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and are second in the Premier League.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur.
Eden Hazard is the only English player up for the main award.
Harry Kane is the homespun hero after a fabulous season at Tottenham.
Diego Costa, Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea also on shortlist.
NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise.
The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby.
They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial.
The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home.
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases.
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Paintings allegedly hanging in the home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon.
It depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display.
But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by the image.
Image is said to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home.
Mark Steven West, 32, admitted to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student during a prom event in 2012 and having sex with the girl in his office.
He was sentenced to four months in jail followed by eight years probation after pleading guilty to the improper relationship.
Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer.
Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps.
She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
Uriel Miranda, 38, and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Authorities say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts.
Six Leeds United players withdrew at short notice from the squad.
Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani were all injured.
Head coach Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events.
Researchers at the University of Arizona have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber'
When threatened, the beetle can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'
This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues.
The research, including video footage, not only reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their rapid-fire capabilities.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese.
George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines.
Lib Dem leader said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'
He said all were more important than any policy decisions he made.
He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United.
Brazilian right-back cracked three ribs during U21 clash with Leicester.
The 24-year-old is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer.
United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.
To date the'sushi challenge' video has been watched more than 100,000 times.
Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League.
The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions.
Duff is the only survivor of Burnley's previous promotion and relegation sides.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after trying to call the teenager's phone.
He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach.
The girl was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their unborn baby.
Boku, from Oldham, was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial, pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.
The contest traditionally hosts the contest the day before the major.
No player has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same week.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season.
Louis van Gaal gave the Spain international his first team debut.
Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough.
London-based Trotters have unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection'
The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers.
There are also pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for Celtic.
The defender is out of contract at the end of the season.
Celtic are battling to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday.
When she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four clash at Kingsholm.
The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks.
They had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea, in west Africa.
The traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the Guinea Ministry of Environment, the Gendarmerie and the Guinée-Application de la Loi Faunique project.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
Visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.
There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater, complete with its own popcorn and snack bar.
Arsenal have won 15 games in 17 games since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger's side are 13 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round replay on Wednesday.
Jordan Rhodes scored the winner in Wednesday night's 3-0 win over Leeds.
Gary Bowyer has challenged Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday.
Unai Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' since taking over.
The 43-year-old is often seen gesturing on the touchline during games.
Rotherham United have been charged with fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in their 1-0 win over Brighton.
Manager Steve Evans said Rawson had been recalled by the Rams.
The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on April 25.
Klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis.
Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' record of 25.
Police have confirmed the body of a woman found in the boot of her car is that of missing public servant Daniela D'Addario.
A 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers.
The couple had reportedly been in a ‘very tumultuous relationship’ for about four months.
She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path.
The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying.
Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen during open training at White Hart Lane.
Capoue did the same again but Algerian Bentaleb gave the crowd of mostly children enjoying their half term break something to cheer about.
Kane's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer, though couldn't count.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at cost of £13million in 2014.
4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, analysis finds.
Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks.
Critics say it is 'ludicrous' such items were being handed out when NHS was rationing routine treatments.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, will give birth to four babies in weeks.
She already has 13 children and is due to retire this year.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers.
They were discovered by journalist Sophie Robehmed in 2011.
Two male university students, also in London, and two retired men also found them.
Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree, Essex.
'John' turned out to be John Jemison, 74, a former head teacher.
German detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the £60m London case.
They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid.
Also, whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
Newcastle host Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row.
Daryl Janmaat has likened the match to playing in the World Cup semi-final.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl out of her cot but was left hanging by her neck.
The 19-month-old was only saved when her mother Louise watched the incident unfold on a baby monitor.
Phillip Dickens, who supplied the beds, was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday.
She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner.
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.
Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs)
The changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior.
PM said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich.
But admitted he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner.
He was giving a campaign speech in south London when he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants.
Mr Cameron said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'I don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things'
Researchers say a fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA.
It could mean arachnophobia represents a finely tuned survival instinct.
The instinct could date back to early human evolution in Africa.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.
Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.
The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out.
Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental.
Gregory van der Wiel has denied he is set to leave Paris Saint-Germain.
The Dutchman has reiterated his 'love' for the club.
Van der Wel has been linked with a move to Barcelona.
An unidentified concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'
The snapshot, which shows the man giving the peace sign, sparked outrage after it was shared on Twitter on Sunday by Vice's music and culture channel Thump.
The shirt is thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Ronaldo missed a penalty.
Cristiano Ronaldo made up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side have partnered with wellness solutions provider Technogym.
Technogym have kitted out Chelsea's Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured working out at Cobham.
Real Madrid took part in their first training session since losing El Clasico.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to the club's Valdebebas training ground.
He was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale.
Ronaldo scored twice in Wales' 3-0 victory against Israel in Haifa.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw at Getafe on Sunday.
The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla is among a number of players to offer support.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community.
The property includes an award-winning swimming pool, complete with fountains, a waterfall and slide.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby on Sunday.
City have won the last four contests between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford.
Manuel Pellegrini's future will be decided come May when the dust on a creaking season has settled.
A victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation, and reignite ambitions to finish second.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman.
The 24-year-old had stopped taking medication for his paranoid schizophrenia.
Mrs Else, 52, says she is too scared to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back'
She says her life has been 'turned upside down' since death of 'friendly and sociable' husband.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials.
Detectives subsequently searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
A Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has come to the rescue.
The cartoons have been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause.
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
The blog has now been turned into a book by Chronicle Books.
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country.
He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending.
On Sunday, his party made massive electoral gains against the Socialists in regional elections.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
The 38-year-old jockey won the race for trainer Oliver Sherwood.
Many Clouds was a third winner for owner Trevor Hemmings.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket.
Vaughan has previously concentrated on his media duties but is believed to be open to the role.
The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB.
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section.
She woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant.
Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix.
It 'clicked' that he was her son, and she made a remarkable recovery.
Pakistan appear set to host Test-playing opposition in their home country.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month.
No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media.
US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments.
Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday.
The referee has sent off three players from Manchester United and City this season.
City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in June 2012.
The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks.
Hicks bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana.
Chelsea are set to take part in a post-season friendly in June.
Jose Mourinho's side could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium.
The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses.
Chelsea are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the Premier League season ends.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was killed during a botched sting on April 2.
Bates, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
It's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor.
The only definitive way to know is from performing keyhole surgery, where a doctor will put someone under general anesthesia and look into their abdomen.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots.
She has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé.
In total, she has completed 42 tiny pictures, which are the size of a postage stamp and don't feature any faces.
Bath flanker Sam Burgess was named man of the match at the Rec.
Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni all scored tries.
Bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in a first-round technical knockout.
Mendes retains his No 1 spot in UFC's featherweight rankings.
The featherweight came out hard and fast, and quickly landed a right hand.
Emilia Clarke believes Game of Thrones has great female characters.
She said: 'As women, we accept our femininity and take strength from it'
The HBO drama is about to begin its fifth series, which has seen many of the female characters take leading roles.
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday.
Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday.
Mancini was furious at his side's attitude after the Saturday's draw.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton.
Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey.
The early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
The girl was in the water in Florida when a giant manatee floated past.
Footage shows her terrified face as she treads water desperately looking for creature.
Seconds later, she shouts out 'Oh my God, get me out of here'
Manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft and have a top speed of 5mph.
Aueel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in a car crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water.
Her mother Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days.
Harry Davies-Carr and brother Charlie starred in viral video 'Charlie Bit Me'
The video was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather.
It quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on YouTube.
Their parents have since made thousands of pounds from advertising and sponsorship deals off the back of the clip.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
In the video, her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats while his wife narrates their removal from the flight.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013.
Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery.
But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with those of other patients, and she'd never had the disease.
She was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
Ms Dawes has since found herself unable to continue in her role 'as a consequence of what she has been through'
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour.
The former world No 3 missed out on qualifying points for the Ryder Cup.
Casey played in the record Ryder Cup wins in 2004 and 2006.
He was in tears after being overlooked for a wild card in 2010.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters.
He landed on the west lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14.
Steven Gerrard had won three trophies in the first year out of his teens.
Robbie Fowler scored the Premier League's fastest hat-trick in 1995.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies.
The follow-up, Enchanted Forest, is expected to do just as well.
Alan Pardew says he is disappointed to be linked with a move for Tim Krul.
Palace boss says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer.
Pardew insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Ronda Rousey has made it clear she is in Manny Pacquiao's camp.
The UFC women's bantamweight champion recently starred in the film Fast and Furious 7.
Rousey said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight against Floyd Mayweather.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' and was adamant there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye.
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years.
But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
EU is asking companies who filed confidential complaints for permission to publish them.
If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues.
This would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance.
Sam Burgess has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since joining Bath.
Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the RBS 6 Nations.
The 26-year-old has spent most of his career at inside or outside centre.
Head coach Mike Ford will examine his credentials at blindside flanker.
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in February.
The Northern Irishman has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Militants fighting for Boko Haram in West Africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern Nigeria, the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.
The slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid her daughter Andrea to rest in 1999.
But she only found out more than a decade later that police had removed organs.
Andrea died after being flung at a wall by her father Meyrick Fowler.
He was convicted of manslaughter and jailed for four years for throwing her.
She suffered brain damage and four skull fractures when her crying disturbed his number checking ritual.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a collection of royal memorabilia.
She was at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince George.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday, 4pm)
Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature.
Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany doubtful with hamstring injury.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business.
The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff.
Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations.
It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
With just days to go until Easter, John Lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop.
Andy Murray and his team will take on France in the Davis Cup quarter final.
Queen's Club will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades.
Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.
The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Parma are rooted to the bottom of Serie A.
Kevin Franklin, 58, jailed for four-and-a-half years for fraud and deception.
Victim, 80, was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford milk.
Franklin siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period.
When he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him'
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, in their garden.
Mr Hatch's wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return.
Rogers then called the police and told them: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours'
Police and paramedics raced to the sheltered housing complex in Cardiff.
But they were unable to save Mr Hatch, who died in hospital.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in Syrian city of Raqqa.
Begum forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade, an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
They are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of Raqqa and have previously declared children as young as nine should be married.
Aqsa Mahmood is considered to be one of the leaders of brutal all-woman militant group
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000.
It's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
The quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter.
Jonathan Trott has been England's rock at No 3 for four years.
The 33-year-old was picked for this three-Test tour of the Caribbean.
Alastair Cook believes Trott is ready for international cricket return.
Adele Sarno, 85, has lived in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years.
She received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford.
Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his gesture.
Danny Murphy agreed that Krul's gesture was out of order.
Bruce Jenner, 65, has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple.
The former Playgirl cover hunk has become a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation.
As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change.
Anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Mel Stein thinks the new regulations will 'create anarchy'
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses.
Male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was'mocked'
She was subjected to ‘gratuitous derogatory’ comments about childcare arrangements.
She recorded managers at the global investment firm ‘without their knowledge’
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket.
Trott fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua.
Peter Peters will be telling Trott to manage his inner chimp.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II.
Number of people in work soared to its highest level in history.
Tories’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement.
International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton on March 27.
Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident.
The Fiji-born forward received a further sanction at the original hearing.
But in a stunning twist – and in light of fierce criticism – the ban was thrown out, as the appeal lodged by Wasps was up-held.
Lindsay, 28, has been living in London for the past year and says she doesn't see herself returning to the States any time soon.
The Mean Girls star recently appeared in a West End play and admitted she felt like the UK press treated her with respect.
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan.
One takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground.
They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy.
New ICM poll for the Guardian had the Tories ahead on 34 per cent.
Tories were down one point on 32 per cent, according to a new Populus poll.
Pollster Nate Silver predicted a hung parliament after May 7.
Jacob Fairbank suffered ligament damage while on loan at Halifax.
The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines.
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK.
Lorraine Kelly has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week.
The 55-year-old has dropped two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10.
In an interview with Woman, Kelly gushed about her instructor.
Zumba combines Latin and international music and aerobic activity.
Tony Toutouni, 42, is threatening to take the crown of Instagram from his friend Dan Bilzerian.
The billionaire businessman chronicles his extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash.
His outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
The contest saw Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood go head-to-head.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice left-back next season.
The 19-year-old Spaniard is also a target for Manchester City.
Manchester City consider him to be a suitable replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov.
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Portuguese side had been on the receiving end of a 6-0 thumping.
But they were given a hero's welcome as they arrived back in Portugal.
Jackson Martinez and Ricardo Quaresma were among those to look perplexed.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid's Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The centre-back was moved into midfield to cover Luka Modric's absence.
Ramos has shown character to bounce back from his errors, as his penalty for Spain in 2012 showed.
Everton defender John Stones was on Barcelona's shopping list last summer.
Barcelona ended up signing Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m.
Thomas Vermaelen also moved to the Nou Camp for £15m.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)
The data was gathered using Google Trends.
In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country.
The Duke of Edinburgh was presented with the award on Wednesday by his wife.
The citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Mr Abbott’s announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted criticism from within Mr Abbott's own backbenchers as well as the Opposition.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future.
Tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at Boca Juniors.
The 31-year-old's future was thrown into doubt when Boca president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home'
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on tripwire while reporting on fighting.
He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital.
The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May and he is expected to stay at the Amanjena resort.
The five-star resort is the first Aman resort on the African continent and is located just outside the ancient city of Marrakech.
It is adorned withlawns, vines, emerald-clay roofs, Moroccan marble fountains and hand-cut glazed tiles known as zellij.
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul.
It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.
The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday night.
Muller became the highest-scoring German since the tournament began in 1992.
Fran Kirby scored twice as England Women beat China 2-1 in Manchester.
Kirby created the first goal and scored the second in the second half.
The 21-year-old was player of the match when England played the United States in February.
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners.
It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard.
According to YouTube's updated Partner Program Terms, YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'
In an inspiring essay for Marie Claire, Jenna tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a new swimwear line.
The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored as Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0.
Brendan Rodgers vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification.
The Reds moved within four points of the Premier League top four.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948.
But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson.
He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during stand-off.
Mr Stevenson said she had to wait to exit up private road while he repaired it.
Miss Wilneck, from St Buryan, Dorset, has visited cove three or four times a week.
Danielle Busby gave birth to the nation's first set of all-girl quintuplets on April 7.
The five girls are still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
They are doing well and are getting only'modest support' to breathe.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months.
For every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes.
Now, she weighs 10 stone, is a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag.
While the body of the loving father was accidentally incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso, Washington State.
The 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China.
It was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
The 21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a Hummer limousine.
Organisers set up lavish flower arches and banquet tables in the park.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him.
She was arrested on Friday afternoon after she turned up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions.
Marisa Curlen, a native of Rye, New York, was a sophomore at the Harrisonburg college and a member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
June Whitfield, 89, is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week.
Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon.
The veteran actress said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday.
The Villa boss has set the emotional bar high but it's working.
Sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season.
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history.
The admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor.
Another was named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in what is now Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Second-placed Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season.
MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a villa in the Costa del Sol on Easter Sunday.
His friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him.
Police said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
But they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or digestion problems which meant he couldn't swim.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk.
The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear.
When Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back.
She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns.
Animal Health Trust confirmed their vets are now using an incubator to heat the pads.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing City, claims Gary Neville.
Neville says City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'
Graeme Souness says Toure has become a liability for City.
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show.
The newlyweds were brought closer together by process and even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together.
Fad involves tying blue ribbon under breasts and in loop over arms.
Every time they lift their arms, their curves become more prominent.
Inspired by popular 'anime' cartoon character Hestia.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters.
They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
The posters were hand-drawn, and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator.
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project.
Bettman would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the very spot where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date.
Skegness is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today.
The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together.
It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.
The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in Peru.
They were wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig.
It is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as Chan Chan.
Jamie Peacock scored a try double for Leeds in their win over Salford.
The 37-year-old Rhinos prop had not scored for almost 12 months.
Salford's last home win against the Rhinos was 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies.
They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust.
One rescuer in the Nepalese capital said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not 'understanding the tragedy'
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds.
The 30-year-old took the money for herself at the Premier Inn in Newcastle.
Goodall admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014.
She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights.
The airline has taken the unprecedented step out of concerns for safety and comfort.
It follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the party island of Ibiza.
Deputy Prime Minister was heckled by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London.
Mr Clegg stuck to his message that only Lib Dems can be trusted to balance budget.
Comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by Tories.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002.
Buchanon said he followed the 'unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house, as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment.
But he soon realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved.
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union.
Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition.
Mr Ritchie felt that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability.
The university's student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Reddit thread focuses on men who have purchased mail-order brides.
One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines.
The fee to find a bride this way, according to this user, costs between $10,000 and $15,000 (£9,800)
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain.
The 21-year-old law student was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks.
She was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago.
Authorities initially said the fall was a suicide bid.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering Australian shores by boat.
The drama will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
It will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, said she was 'not afraid'
She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of dementia.
But she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
Victims and politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence'
A 42-year-old man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station.
He then managed to escape the scene in the smashed-up vehicle.
The station, which was vacant at the time, has sustained damage to the front glass doors and rear roller doors.
Police are looking for a man who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Investigators said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison.
The Unique Connection was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother's Day.
Children are blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother by touch and scent.
Mothers wait anxiously to see whether their child will recognise them.
Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has enjoyed meteoric success.
Her blog and video posts amassed a huge teen following on social media.
Jamie Oliver's company has warned that vloggers should be more aware.
It comes after an investigation found that video blogs are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
Vigilante group Wicked Pickets have started painting over offensive slogans on the side of Wicked Camper vans.
They claim the slogans promote violence against women.
The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once'
The vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'Random Breast Testing', and sexualised images of men and women.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died in explosion last week.
Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion.
Suggests someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.
In August utility workers discovered the line had been illegally tapped.
Stephen Dodd took photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month.
Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the supporter.
Dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing Liverpool fan.
Amir Khan is currently training for his fight against Chris Algieri on May 29.
The American's last opponent was Manny Pacquiao and was knocked down six times during a convincing points win for the Filipino.
Letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts.
She posted it to her social media account writing: 'So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. I kid thee not'
In the note the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford.
Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions.
Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman's body in bushland late around 5pm on Friday afternoon, the night before Ms Scott was due to get married.
It has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around.
City's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks.
Pearce blamed City’s poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players.
At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly.
Fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague.
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet on Wednesday.
The WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team.
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali wants to see Manny Pacquiao emerge triumphant come May 2, according to his daughter Rasheda Ali.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Doctor John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus.
The humanitarian doctor was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west for treatment about midday on Saturday.
He had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness.
NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million.
The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in Arizona and New York.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather.
But fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away yet'
Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground.
The High There! app is described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts.
Users share their interests and energy levels when using cannabis as part of their profile.
It deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana in their picture section.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of social network users.
Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.
It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan.
The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children.
They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13.
On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife Amanda, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife at their home in Polegate, East Sussex, in October last year.
He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her.
The former nightclub owner denied attempted murder but a jury took two hours to find him guilty yesterday and he was handed a 20-year prison sentence.
Harry Kane was named PFA Young Player of the Year 2015 on Sunday.
Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
The 21-year-old also scored on his senior England debut.
Ashley Young wants to avoid being part of the first United team to lose five successive Manchester derbies.
Last November's 1-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium was the fourth successive derby win for City.
The last time they achieved that feat was 60 years ago.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to gross more than $300million.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved.
Redknapp attempts to goad Henry into a reaction in the early stages.
But both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them.
McDonald's says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch.
The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday.
Love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
Boston coach Brad Stevens didn't think Olynyk hurt Love on purpose.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating.
The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Study found Britons selling properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled.
Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations.
Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, but asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
Meekings saw his cup-final ban thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal.
Caley Thistle challenged his one-game suspension for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club.
Footage shows prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs.
Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been 'outrageous'
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface.
Now, the 17 year-old student could face a battle with Instagram over hackings its API.
Benn is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
Alex Salmond was caught boasting in secret footage at a fundraising event.
Former First Minister boasted that he would write Labour's first budget.
He also joked he would 'check his top pocket' - a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.
It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to join forces to warn of a looming 'constitutional crisis'
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could.
Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time.
But James seems to think his influence with the Cavaliers deserves recognition.
All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films.
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2.
It features blue panels in the shape of those on the little droid who does everything from carrying secret plans for the Death Star to co-piloting Luke Skywalker's X-Wing.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS.
OAS is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena.
The company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League.
Dyche claims another manager has urged him to'move with the times'
Burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle.
Evans has also been slammed for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats.
Big Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
He dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season.
Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury he picked up during international duty with England.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain remains a doubt for Arsenal.
Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury.
Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions.
Dangelo Connor, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around with stun gun.
He first waved it around, then sent volts coursing through a Coke can.
But his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet.
After the current passes through the bracelet, he collapses on the floor.
Video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times.
Johnny Sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro this season.
The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
The spacious five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years.
It has a grand double-sized reception room, private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building.
There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development.
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Discovery comes as scientists in the US made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer.
Chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves in central London.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End.
The plain-clothes officers are tasked with reducing theft in the area.
In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas targeting rich Arab tourists.
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.
Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York.
Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was questioned for the next four hours.
He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
Ride Like The Wind won just one of his four starts last season.
But he has run twice this term, posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the Group Three Prix Djebel by a head.
French trainer Freddy Head likens Ride Like the Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013.
Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons.
Mr Carr is just 24 hours from completing his 16,300-mile trip tomorrow.
If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss by 24 hours.
The hole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at about 2pm on Thursday.
Police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole.
One eyewitness said the road 'gave way really slowly' as people watched on.
Hammersmith & Fulham Council is investigating the cause of the collapse.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final.
Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources.
Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen.
Ukip will today unveil its manifesto in Thurrock, Essex.
Hannah Overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the 2006 death of her 4-year-old foster son, Andrew Burd.
Overton's conviction was overturned last year because of ineffective counsel, but Nueces County district attorney Mark Skurka was set to try her again.
Skura said he would not be trying the case again due to 'a myriad of factors which came about after a careful review of the previous trial'
Andrew Burd died a day after Overton punished him by making him swallow spicy seasoning.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency.
Meat and fish are plentiful and the vegetables, fruit and salads are the glossiest you'll ever see.
Exotic fruit - mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon - are the stars of the summer.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala.
The Canberra Capitals basketballer has looked after Zala since she was two days old.
Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl.
The five-year-old was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm.
Her mother Monique Douglas has told of her heartache each time she looks at her daughter's disfigured face.
She was infuriated when Frankston Magistrates' Court handed dog owner Edward Powell a $1500 fine and no convictions.
Mrs Douglas says her daughter requires day and night masks as well as silicon patches to help heal the permanent scarring.
Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket company last year.
ASIC also found that ALDI failed to disclose the 0.5 percent surcharge it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores.
Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel.
She was flanked by her parents, Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck, New Jersey, plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts - as she relived her ordeal.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede.
The creative head sent his models down the runway in Milan in Barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of Aqua's iconic 90s hit, I'm A Barbie Girl.
Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, took to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, set up Lens Technology when she was just 22 years old.
Her company supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
She sent her salary home to her father, who was nearly blinded in an accident.
Qunfeis was promoted to head up a newly-created department at the factory.
Research on infants' brains by doctors from Oxford University has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.
It overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold.
The researchers showed in brain scans that infants’ brains react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain.
Spain beat Holland 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Holland boss Guus Hiddink branded the home fans a 'disgrace'
Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals for Holland.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
Wesley has admitted to breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
Police have not ruled out foul play and they have no suspects.
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder.
They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US.
Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final.
Fiorentina face holders Sevilla in the other tie.
Serie A semi-finals will take place on May 7 and 14.
German Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff took heart-breaking image in November.
He did not realise how terrified the girl was until he was editing the photographs.
It was then he realised she was so scared of his camera that she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon.
Her emergence follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who surrendered to a different cameraman in a Syrian camp last week.
War Child says thousands of children carry 'deep trauma from what they have been through inside Syria'
Kristina Karo, 31, is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 for allegedly stealing her chicken.
Kunis and her fiance Ashton Kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming they will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video.
Judy Murray has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children.
The 55-year-old tennis coach married his long term girlfriend Kim Sears.
Andy and Kim married at Dunblane Cathedral with a service led by the Rev Colin Renwick.
Judy attended the wedding wearing a smart white dress coat with taupe coloured heels.
Noelle Reno has broken her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death.
Socialite confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in London’s Marylebone on to the railings below.
In a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ‘suicide’
Young was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings.
Tim McNaughton's body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday.
In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police.
Posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote: ‘Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done [sic]’
The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it's revealed a third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November.
His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
The two students want to return to the college as they were among the 24 sanctioned by the university.
According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney.
The video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats.
However, he now believes them to be sparrows.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening.
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout has been billed as The Fight of the Century.
But Joe Calzaghe says Mayweather will still be victorious.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and Blanc's two Michelin-starred restaraunt.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield.
The 22-year-old has been on loan at the Amex Stadium since August.
Brighton boss Chris Hughton has said it is a'real blow' to lose him.
Click here for all the latest Liverpool news.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study.
86 per cent of those surveyed turn to online retailers to purchase items they're too embarrassed to buy in store.
The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear, hair removal cream, personal hygiene products, medication... and action figures.
Aston Villa host QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas after he was injured previously.
Anika Stanford, the mother of Vincent Stanford, is assiting police with the murder case against her son.
Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park, where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later.
They were led into Dartmouth Provincial court partially masking their faces under their hoodies.
The men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
If found guilty, the men could face 14 years in jail.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List.
The Formula One world champion has a fortune of £88million.
Wayne Rooney has moved up to second place with wealth of £72m.
President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected.
But he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope for the world to recognize the killings.
Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado.
In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?'
'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
David Silva was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital.
The Spaniard was given oxygen and put in a neck brace.
City boss Manuel Pellegrini believes Kouyate did not mean to injure Silva.
First Minister said she would regard 'out' vote in Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK.
She revealed she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament.
Miss Sturgeon's manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the Tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson.
One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped.
The decision comes after Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
Zimbabwe could become the first test playing country to tour Pakistan.
Shaharyar Khan hopes for a series of five one-dayers as soon as May.
No test playing nation has toured Pakistan due to security concerns.
Gunmen attacked Sri Lanka team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday.
About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her.
Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is also investigating the video.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day.
It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Dortmund have come into the game since Lewandowski's goal but are yet to really trouble Neuer and Bayern's three-man backline.
Burger King has launched its summer menu and Pret A Manger has started serving sit-down dinners with wine.
The British sandwich chain's new concept is called 'Good Evenings' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only at its branch on The Strand in London.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed for two years.
He punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a brain bleed.
The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to'sort it out'
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends.
The decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything personal, principal Patrick Taylor said.
Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest.
He and 36 others were given life sentences as Mohamed Badie was also sentenced to death.
Badie and 13 other defendants were ordered to be executed on Saturday.
They were found guilty of plotting unrest in Cairo protest camp in July 2013.
Soltan, who grew up in Michigan, Missouri and Ohio, moved to Egypt in 2012 to be near his mother during cancer treatments.
Crossing was due to be installed in Totnes as mark of town's gay community.
But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's.
Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek further medical advice from experts.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10.
The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police.
However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers.
Cosmopolitan editor Bronwyn McMahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award.
Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival.
Her wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life'
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield County, Virginia, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat.
She supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene.
Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions.
Elisa Tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms while skiing in the mountains near Bergen.
There have been reports of worm rainfall in Lindås and Suldal.
In 2011, pupils at a school in Scotland witnessed worms falling from the sky.
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004.
He made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side.
Woods said: 'Have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. No matter what'
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout.
They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room.
The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes.
Couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm on December 11.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses.
Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.
They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years.
Her collection now fills four whole rooms, including one dedicated to Princess Diana.
The mother-of-four says she has no plans to stop and describes it as 'a labour of love'
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on flight.
But flight attendants allegedly left him in cubicle and let off other passengers.
On landing, they let off all other passengers before calling paramedics.
Richard's wife Kelly is filing wrongful death suit against Southwest Airlines.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders'
He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
He has been prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has been charged with ten counts of sex offences.
He has been free on bail since March, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
O'Connor's lawyer, Phillip Mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the Tweed Heads Local Court on Monday.
Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control as Rafa Benitez's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
Now, one scientist says this may not be true.
The research marks a significant step toward solving the 'information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in Sao Paulo.
The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over alleged attack on neighbour.
Police claim Bolina was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell.
But an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home.
His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
The infant died later that day after suffering'several injuries'
Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms.
The 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years.
Mr Lines said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions.
Despite government efforts to stop it, the practice lingers on.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde.
They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours.
Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning.
He said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday.
But a series of delays meant 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday.
Some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin.
Around 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, experts told MailOnline.
By 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
Symptoms include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback.
British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights.
Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury.
The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title.
Van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened off the road Monday morning, killing three and injuring eight.
The driver of the van 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side'
Members of Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Alabama-based Wormreich were in the van.
Prime Minister has asked First Great Western to 'urgently review' plans.
Fares will almost double on route between London and Cotswolds.
Cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for whole of next parliament.
Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad this summer.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station.
Passenger hopped out of vehicle in a rush, forgetting rucksack.
Mr Quinn, 46, realised he had left the bag in the car seconds after he dropped him.
He said: 'Losing that money would have been the end of my business'
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head.
Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, was left with a deformed breast.
She has had 13 operations to improve the look of her breasts.
Says she would do 'anything' to look normal again.
Clermont winger Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time.
Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try.
Brock James kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United will not be weakened by injury problems.
Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho said his players needed no motivation this week.
England face West Indies in the first Test in the Caribbean on Monday.
Alastair Cook and Peter Moores know they can't afford any slip-ups.
James Anderson will make his 100th Test appearance for England.
Jonathan Trott has returned to the side 18 months after leaving Ashes.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and children Zoha, seven, and Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry.
They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed.
Mr Malik's family tonight said they were 'completely devastated' and issued a desperate plea for the six to return home.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of the banned group Al-Muhaj
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts.
Labour’s biggest donor Unite lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
Chancey Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release if found guilty.
Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Authorities allege Luna randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film.
It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up.
Following complaints from Muslim students a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants.
Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
He also said he had never told anyone he was involved with the Nusra Front and had never worked or volunteered at a Sharia court.
Ross Barkley has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Everton team-mate Gareth Barry has advised the 21-year-old not to leave.
Barry believes Barkley is still too young to decide on his future.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.
Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion.
The Texan beat 'Battling' Jim Johnson over the course of 26 rounds in Havana in 1915.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover.
Police said that Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, 21, of Hanover, died at the scene.
Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in Dorchester.
Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 in Super League.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try.
Both sides ended the match with 12 men.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night.
The win lifts the Singapore-owned club to within a point of the champions.
Valencia are fourth on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid on 66 in third.
Hector Bellerin scored Arsenal's first goal against Liverpool on Saturday.
The Spanish full-back was also responsible for keeping Raheem Sterling under control when Daniel Sturridge came off the bench at half-time.
Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect the duo to be playing such key roles.
Wayne Rooney was heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as United manager in 2013.
Moyes gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton.
The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas for oil ‘illegitimate’
But it says it will mount a legal challenge – but has ruled out another conflict.
Daniel Filmus said Britain’s decision to increase military spending was ‘gunboat diplomacy’
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted to League One.
But he wants to finish on top of the table.
The Burton Albion players celebrate with the fans after their win against Morecambe confirmed promotion.
Richard Engel was kidnapped in 2012 and held for five days expecting to be killed.
NBC had previously reported that the kidnapping was carried out by Assad regime.
But Mr Engel has now revealed it is likely the men that took him were Sunni.
He said they were trying to convince their victims they were Shi-ite rebels.
A statement on the NBC News site said it was clear the group were released for propaganda purposes.
Christianne Boudreau thought her son Damien Clairmont was going to Egypt to study Arabic in 2013.
But Canadian authorities later told the Calgary mother that her son had instead gone to Turkey where he crossed the border into Syria to join ISIS.
Damien had become more extreme in his Islamic ideology before he left Canada.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday.
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night.
She promised to pick up the boy in the morning, but she never returned and eventually stopped answering her brother's messages.
The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
Truong's sister Alyssa Chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Miliband is'so desperate' for power.
Claims Labour leader is willing to trade away Britain's nuclear deterrent.
Says Tories have 'descended into the gutter' and Cameron'should be ashamed'
Comes as Tories pledge to build £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines.
Jerry Grayson, 59, was the youngest pilot to join the Royal Navy.
He was responsible for rescuing 15 yachtsmen during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979.
The Wessex Mark 1 now resides between a gypsy caravan and a bus.
Mr Grayson found that one of the choppers had been converted into a camping unit.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final against Germany.
The world No 2 is also a doubt for the WTA Stuttgart Open.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho won back-to-back Premier League titles with Chelsea in 2006.
Carlo Ancelotti failed to win a trophy in his second season at Chelsea.
Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.
The Manchester United captain had previously been deployed in midfield.
Louis van Gaal looks set to unleash an in-form Rooney on Manchester City on Sunday.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram.
Protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
Other beauty essentials include a hairbrush from her own range.
Andros Townsend was brought on in 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley.
Paul Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody'
Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Rafa Benitez admitted he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before joining Wolfsburg.
The Napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo.
Benitez won the Europa League as Blues boss in 2013.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham, Essex.
The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit U.S. television show Jackass and videos found on their mobile phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night.
It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey, North Yorkshire.
A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Celtic beat Inverness Caley Thistle 2-1 in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the final.
Sutton says Alan Muir should be kept away from high-profile games.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Berlin.
The gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m.
It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London.
During that near-identical raid 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida.
She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River on Tuesday as he fished with a friend.
The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down.
For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
Dion Dublin made his Home Under The Hammer debut on Monday morning.
The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series.
Dublin looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford.
Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap.
The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event.
Broner called Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson out for a September fight.
50 Cent said Broner was disrespectful of Jay Z and should have accepted the offer.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child.
She was expected to be 3'8 tall, but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4'10, enabling her to be more independent.
Jasmine Dinjar is the girlfriend of a TV star's son Jesse Willesee.
She has posted provocative images on social media promoting the use of cannabis.
Jesse lit up a joint at Sydney Town Hall on Monday as part of the 420 campaign.
The campaign is a universal celebration of cannabis with people smoking dope at 4.20pm on April 20 every year.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar, on Friday when she was distracted and the stroller rolled away from her.
Police said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away.
The boys were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Audrie Pott, 15, killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party.
Two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act'
They also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around Saratoga High School in Northern California that'served to shame and humiliate her'
Fiona Steane, 50, has 3ft long hair, Sarah Rihal, 50 and Melanie Brown, 60, has 4ft long and Vanessa Thorpe, 40, has 2ft 10in of hair.
Fiona says she doesn't like watching people getting their hair cut and hates hairdressers.
She gets it trimmed, just getting rid of the split ends, twice a year.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight.
Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
Floyd's most unhealthy food craving has got to be 'fried hot dogs... with barbecue sauce'
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer.
Gareth Southgate's squad finished fourth in the tournament last May.
Aidy Boothroyd will lead the team this time and Jordon Ibe could feature.
The island of Saint Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502.
It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Early next year, a £218m airport will open on the island.
Edward Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US.
Former US spy accused of not being 'transparent' and said he was being'secretive' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The details of the arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to molestation.
He walked in on boy performing sex act on him at his home in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Frolander, who had been molesting boy for years, was caught by boy's father.
Photo of him sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations.
Now, defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison.
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night.
Brahimi, 24, is wanted by Juventus, PSG and Bayern Munich.
City are also keen on Wolfsburg's former Chelsea midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Manny Pacquiao stole the show in an advertisement for Foot Locker back in November.
Pacquiao joked about the possibility of facing Floyd Mayweather.
Foot Locker have released a follow-up advert where he acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.
It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.
One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out.
The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Hillary Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the US.
Clinton was participating in a staged 'roundtable' discussion about small business issues in Norwalk, Iowa.
She made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants.
Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
Rhodri moved on a long time ago but was adamant Ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong.
Ryan Giggs spent £150,000 trying to silence Big Brother star Imogen Thomas.
Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.
Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire, when an 'evil looking' man appeared from behind a fence.
He initially tried to get his hands on Mrs Mason's scooter basket, before grabbing Mrs Mason by the arm and reaching for her carrier bag.
Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
The attacker was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off into the distance.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in Japan.
The whales were found on a 6-mile stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato.
Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings.
However, they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake.
Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University.
Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot of the event.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore said the level of damage to this area affects a person's ability to detect sarcasm.
The study will surprise anybody whose boss relies on mocking his employees to get the best out of them.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield.
Mother Lynne, 49, says taking her daughter to school and back would require four hours of travelling on the bus.
Schoolgirl was instead offered place at Shooters Grove Primary, two miles away.
Council said school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying.
Sofinar Gourian was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant.
She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence.
West Ham will have cheapest pricing strategy in Premier League.
Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will pass on savings to fans.
New TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights.
West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady hit out at suggestions Jurgen Klopp is set to replace Sam Allardyce.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the NFL before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013.
He was a key part of the New England Patriots offense and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $40million.
But he was not the golden boy he seemed to be.
Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other.
After his father died, he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.
The note reads, in part:.
I noticed you left your lights on. The battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle. I left a blue extension cord on the fence and a battery charger beside the fence in the cardboard box'
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini's appointment would have suited those fans who resist the charge towards potential greatness.
City opted against going in the market for Cesc Fabregas and Angel di Maria.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game.
One of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt.
When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Harry Kane's 30th goal of the season condemned the Magpies to a 10th loss in 14.
The official attendance was returned as a massively inaccurate 47, 427 – making it the biggest of the weekend in the top-flight.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against Besiktas.
Brendan Rodgers says Daniel Sturridge is unlikely to recapture his best form this season.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu has risen as high as 50ft from sea surface in some places.
Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop.
The mass measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide.
Police made grisly discovery last night as they combed rural land.
Officers made discovery on outskirts of Milngavie, nine miles from Glasgow.
Police moved search from park in Glasgow to a farm, graveyard and golf course.
They then cordoned off land to the north of Glasgow, near High Craigton farm and Windyhill Golf Club.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave the club.
Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.
Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer for the forward.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California.
The 30-year-old claims he was tackled to the floor and 'hog tied'
He was then thrown into the back of a van by police before being taken to hospital.
Reardon claims he suffered acute respiratory failure and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.
Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw.
The substitute headed home a cross from Rubens Sambueza.
Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half.
Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact to a credible draw.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
He is genuinely, unfathomably, unnerved by the thought of staying too long.
Farmer caught on camera urinating in field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire.
Passer-by said: 'It was disgusting. It wants stopping'
Food supplier TH Clements & Son has sacked the worker with immediate effect.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house.
But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston.
As he ran away, Scott jumped out of the car and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager.
Scott, who is black, ran away and a video showed Slager, who
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday.
Coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap.
Young quipped that the absence of Leigh Halfpenny meant that Wasps only had ‘about five world-class full-backs to worry about’
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature.
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless.
Struggling to to escape the much smaller insect, the hapless prey contorts itself into an array of shapes as it tries to escape.
A proposed alcohol ban in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.
Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places and not the title.
Chilean says City must not drop more points to stay in the top four.
James Milner is in line to return after withdrawing from the England squad.
Two people treated at the scene following the crash in Goodge Street this morning.
It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath on camera.
He said it involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes and two Routemasters.
Ravi Beefnah parked his £35,000 Audi A5 outside dealership in Chelmsford.
The 34-year-old says it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up.
Mr Beefnah claims Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint.
He is demanding £9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car, which can reach speeds of 150mph.
Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack.
But new research suggests that the Roman general may have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents.
Prince William has announced he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.
The Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days' time.
Quentin Letts says William is a new man, bowing to convention.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean.
Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico.
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts.
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times.
As she lay dead on the floor, he called two more vice girls over to his home.
He then raped them before they managed to flee while still naked.
His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the crimes.
Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.
On Thursday, a coroner's jury in Regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on Bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder.
He then pleaded with his pals, 'Don't tell on me,' because he was afraid of being jailed.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear of Arsenal in the title race.
Louis van Gaal's United have won four of their last four matches.
Angel di Maria is likely to start another game on the bench.
Juan Mata could return to haunt his former club after being pushed out.
Eli and Silas Keslar, 18 months, died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona.
Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but a Go Fund Me page has been set up to raise money for their memorial and medical costs.
Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex.
The bar manager also told police the woman was 'extremely intoxicated'
She was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
Almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years.
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers.
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
Ten-year-old Martha was playing on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside.
She was caught out by a strong current and swept out to sea.
New Brighton RNLI crew were called and managed to find her.
They pulled her on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
QPR are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points.
Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins.
QPR face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester.
Couple were fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School.
They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school.
The unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
Mohamed Diame set to return from injury for Hull City.
Senegalese midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury.
Hull are currently just three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship.
Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate.
Moran is currently a sergeant at that facility.
Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements.
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts texture.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover.
Aston Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th.
Villa face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford.
Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Both Belfast boxers were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night, with the pair needing victories to book flights to Rio.
Barnes delivered in style, extending his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol.
Britt McHenry has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'
Just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Sarah Sparkman, who tweets with the handle @cupcakesarenice, remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton.
Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute.
Callum Wilson doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish.
Eddie Howe's side set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles.
It’s also possible that the Californian tech giant will release a four-inch version of the phone called the iPhone 6C.
Shanay Walker, 7, was found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July.
Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court.
She is accused of having food shoved in her mouth and being struck with a hairbrush.
The youngster had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton.
The 19-month-old became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents' lap.
She was strapped in the connector belt required for children under two.
Transavia Airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease.
The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Australian singer Sia's Chandelier.
Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV's new series Lip Sync Battle, was the inspiration for the Today hosts’ colorful performances.
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track'
The Mercedes pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced.
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Holcomb, shaken by the experience, was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east.
The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms.
Ms Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs.
McCarlland's principal Amadeo Ferra said that the school was sticking by the uniform policy.
Adam Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January.
Another January drone strike killed Ahmed Farouq, the operations leader for Al-Qaida in Pakistan, as well as an American hostage and an Italian hostage.
Gadahn's father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours.
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park.
It ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
John Frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’
During his long career as a Customs specialist at London airports, Frost has had ‘to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you’
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness.
Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window from the apartment complex earlier this month 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie.
CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the U.S. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits.
Even more shocking: some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure.
The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson.
Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.
But according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
'Y'all this guy is making a sandwich with a George Foreman in class. #hailstate [sic],' Britt Reynolds tweeted on Monday while sharing a photo.
The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many commenting on how Roman is their hero.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX.
Ronaldinho scored twice in quick succession during the match.
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent.
The Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966.
Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione.
They compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol.
Comfortably Numb numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin.
The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water.
A commonly used topical patch takes about an hour to work, whereas their new device 'works on the order of seconds and minutes'
James Hook hasn't given up on a Wales recall ahead of this summer's World Cup.
The Gloucester fly-half has won 77 Test caps.
Hook has won just two starts for Wales - against the Barbarians and Tonga - since the last World Cup in 2011.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at the end of the current season.
Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke are tracking the defender.
Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Aston Villa's young talent.
Ri Sol-Ju seen clapping next to her husband Kim Jong-un during football match.
Match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather.
Their marriage was only revealed in July 2012 when pictures emerged of a young woman accompanying Kim at official events.
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season on a two-year deal.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
He said: 'I'm over the moon to be coming north'
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16.
There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since then, Provo Police Chief John King said.
The woman usually talked with family in Mexico every day, he said.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in run-up to election.
But he said key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters.
Asked if he was panicking after a poll showed support for the party has fallen.
He has seen support for his party drop from 16.75% in November to 12.25% today.
An experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.
In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull.
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
Three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar.
The youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11.
Arrests come as police arrest 19-year-old at Luton Airport.
Lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, still has a few secrets to reveal.
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia.
A new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday.
Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars.
For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'
They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names.
The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations'
The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Mrs James said the festival was part of her family's religion, culture and heritage.
The I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! franchise has taken a leap from the Australian jungle to a theme park just off the A320 in Chertsey, Surrey.
New Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
The experience begins with a briefing via video from presenters Ant and Dec, then there are gold stars to be won, quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
Paris Picnics is making it easier for tourists to enjoy the French capital.
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer.
Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the lunch club.
The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
Couple said they would use the money to buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her tattoos.
She has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success.
Says she is embarrassed and as a result, she suffers from depression.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before his death.
He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
The incidents happened in Hua Hin, a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of Bangkok.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic.
He said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38k a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month.
Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Thibaut Courtois has struggled in recent weeks for Chelsea.
His poor touch allowed Abel Hernandez to score in Chelsea's 3-2 win over Hull on March 22 before Charlie Adam beat him from 66 yards last weekend.
Courtois says his confidence levels have not waned as a result.
Four sandstorms have hit the north-west of the country this year alone.
China's National Meteorological Centre has issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions.
The red sand swept across the northern region bringing strong winds and floating sand to the regions of Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Ningxia and Shaanxi.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm Sunday.
Police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her 48-year-old husband's upper torso.
The victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
Mathis and her husband were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in San Diego.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving home in Burnley.
He was with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from school.
Moore then jumped out of his car and punched Mr Cogielka through his window.
Then ripped away a fence panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim.
Finally, he armed himself with hockey stick and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him'
Moore was given 16 weeks in prison, suspended for two years.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft.
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'
And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
Vesta is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet.
It is now orbiting the dwarf planet Ceres, and over the next few months will be spiraling down closer and closer to image more of it.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey was awarded Victoria Cross at Windsor Castle.
The 27-year-old braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade.
He is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour – a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago.
It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living British recipient during her reign.
The self-styled Mirreyes post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society.
Their displays of wealth can be embarrassing, but can also lead to political and legal advantages.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged from their flats into the basement.
Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.
Three victims were hospitalised with minor injuries, 20 students were left homeless.
Judge Michael Murphy jailed brothers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain for 12 months each.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston.
ESPN.com asked 103 tour professionals which player they would not help in a fight in the car park.
Watson, who is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week, got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed.
Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth.
First robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of Fukushima nuclear power plant has stalled just three hours into its mission.
These incredible pictures offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the Japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster.
More than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago.
Gigi Hadid said Kendall Jenner has a good sense of when to stand up.
The 19-year-old model also said Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona.
Kendall reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials.
His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.
Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar reading a text message.
She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was thrown.
Witnesses said Jordan Goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet before launching it across the room.
Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion, and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye.
At Preston Crown Court, Goode sobbed as he admitted wounding and escaped with a suspended jail term.
Manchester City players trained at their Etihad Campus on Wednesday.
Sergio Aguero was back to his best as he took part in shooting practice.
Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers.
The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show.
They generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see.
For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and local landmarks.
An X-ray view lets wearers see external objects concealed by the car, such as high kerbs and small bollards which may be an obstacle when getting out of the car.
Ed Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers.
He also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
But he also wants developers to stop building on undeveloped land.
It is thought the policies contributed to the fall in shares in leading housebuilding firms.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn Rovers.
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Austin was back in the Leeds side after a five-match absence.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park on Thursday.
Jamie Shaul scored a long-distance try to seal the win.
St Helens lost their third straight derby defeat.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
He said that he wants to have her thrown in jail.
Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Perth Glory lost 3-0 to Sydney FC at nib Stadium on Friday night.
A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the clash.
Two teenagers have been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares.
VenuesWest has threatened a five year ban on the patrons.
Actor Aidan Turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique.
The 31-year-old was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes.
New images have emerged of the actor looking a little more hirsute.
Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end.
She said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false'
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his golfing career.
The World No 1 is hoping to complete a career grand slam by winning the Masters.
McIlroy is currently training ahead of the 2015 tournament in Augusta.
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament.
But she is not even standing for election to the Commons.
She vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way.
Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power.
Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos, which her owner uploads to her YouTube channel and Instagram page.
In them she is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard and look at her reflection in a mirror for the first time.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
But it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire - something that will be decided by a government-appointed terrorism board, not a judge and jury.
It effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia - something Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed in 2012.
Jeremy Clarkson will not host Have I Got News For You later this month.
The TV personality was due to record the show on April 23 to be broadcast.
It would have marked his first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed.
He was dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas'
But producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
Jurgen Klopp has left Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Winterburn says Wenger should be given more two more years at Arsenal.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province.
Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas.
The only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal, 19, who had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat.
Manchester United striker spoke highly of this weekend's derby.
Falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
Katherine Hadsell says she's eager for police in Norfolk to give'more insight into what they're actually doing' to find 18-year-old Anjelica Hadsell.
The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished on March 2.
Police just this past week focused their search on a pond near Carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
Meanwhile, the family says they've been left in the dark about how, exactly, police were led to the pond in the first place.
And Hadsell's stepfather Wesley Had
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building on Wednesday.
The small, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, right up to the Capitol.
Hughes was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics, and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic.
The women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.
Cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert.
While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells.
‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan.
Desert fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form.
Marilyn Zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her third grade class to pen letters to convicted police killer Mumia Abu-Jamal.
The 60-year-old collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy, Orange, New Jersey, last week.
He is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend.
Her body was found on a farm north of the city yesterday.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death.
Hundreds of mourners attended a vigil in Glasgow's George Square today.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m)
The five title sponsors for the event will chip in a total of $13.2m.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband.
Clark named the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem a 'hallelujah diamond' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after taking DNP.
After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Dr Simon Cotton, a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham, explains how DNP came to be used as a diet pill and why it is so dangerous.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing and looking less than impressed.
But she said she didn't think much about the incident and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' and 'disgusting'
But Siying said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did'
Clinton endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage'
In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position.
The shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave'
His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal.
He suggested Miliband had only rejected the idea because he was 'under pressure from the Conservative press'
He said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after election.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Fans paid nearly £40 to see singer perform in Canterbury last night.
But he arrived late and only played two songs before leaving.
Club Chemistry said Tinie had breached his contract with them.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs.
She was waiting for an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia.
Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath seat.
A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect leaving the scene.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
The midfielder will miss the German Cup quarter-final against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The 47-year-old German has been linked with several Premier League jobs.
Jose Mourinho insists he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca.
It was shelved after it proved ineffective in treating certain types of tumour.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)
It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie.
The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm), which means it will work with the iPhone 6, but not iPhone 6 Plus.
Immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift, which is expected to launch a consumer version'soon' with prices ranging from between $200
Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6.
million in its opening weekend.
It has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The Scot posted a series of 'emojis' on Twitter to his 2.98 million followers.
Murray's friend and fellow tennis player Jamie Delgado also tweeted how the Scot has been preparing for the big day.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left.
Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Hart won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement.
Victoria Beckham posted a pic of her husband David sporting grey hairs.
With his 40th birthday just around the corner, it seems David is embracing his age with style.
Scott Ade, a stylist at Daniel Hersheson, believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked £1,000-trip to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter.
But doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy.
Mrs Bacon, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, was told she could die within months.
She has now hit out at easyJet after she received email asking her to pay £176 to switch her flights.
EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final.
Alexis Sanchez scored two goals, the second via a howler from Adam Federici.
Ramsey said: 'We're delighted to be going through to another Wembley final'
Melbourne brand Elliott Label is hitting the big time in Hollywood.
Kylie Gulliver, 29, has been toiling away at the brand for three years.
Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL, has joined her as business partner.
Gulliver counts Drew Barrymore and Cameron Diaz as A-listers she has been able to give items from the collection to.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Hull.
But fell and hit his head and fractured his skull and suffered bleed on brain.
He was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later.
His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team.
Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England.
But Stokes responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores.
Aljaz Bedene has been granted British citizenship by the International Tennis Federation.
Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
Murray says Bedene's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week.
Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying.
The father created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Gianluigi Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium.
Joe Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game'
Christy Mack, 23, claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship.
Mack, who has legally changed his name to War Machine, is still undergoing reparative dental work while fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder.
The former porn star was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
He said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay 10K Run were left exhausted.
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break.
They continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres.
Some runners were 'in tears' while one described the event's organisation as'shambolic'
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit.
Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013.
Ward said: 'The day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his'
Antarctica has experienced its highest temperature on record, according to meteorologists.
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base recorded a temperature of 17.5°C.
This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
The heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be certified by the World Meteorological Organisation.
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30.
The League Two club have two games left to stay up.
Johnson asked his players to pledge to give their all when he took over.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock.
Experts, including Columbia University professor Tim Wu, declared the Comcast-Time Warner Cable murder dead.
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Palace have won six out of 10 league games since taking over.
Pardew has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn returns to the ring.
The 51-year-old joined in a pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor Benn.
Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Scientists have joined individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips together to create a single complete 3D map.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet.
Warning signs have been put up in the municipality of Lastres in north-western Spain.
No one knows who put up the signs, which show a squatting figure defecating.
The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game.
The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.
Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police.
Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in November.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day.
Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible.
The 50% discount doesn't apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at £8,000 in the US and £299 in the UK.
Apple will sell a million watches in its first weekend on sale, three times the first-day sales
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, angered daughter when he called Nazi gas chambers 'detail of history'
But he has refused to step down as honorary president of far-right party.
He said: 'Marine Le Pen may want me dead, that's possible, but she must not count on my co-operation'
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger says his side will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title.
Wenger says his team have to focus on winning every game.
Luis Enrique only took charge of Barcelona last summer, signing a two-year deal.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique's performance.
The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the La Liga title.
Yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in Islamic State.
Women and young girls from religious minority are kept as'sex slaves'
Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today.
The former Top Gear host had left his green Lamborghini parked on yellow lines.
But the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket.
Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea.
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in the Northern Territory.
The 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.
On his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'
Mr Cordina is still hoping for the museum to override the board's decision.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon.
But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race.
The 41-year-old has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, Michael Owen and Usain Bolt.
Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League.
QPR boss says if he was a betting man, he would bet on Villa staying up.
Ramsey and Sherwood were in the trenches together at Spurs.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project.
The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Hillary Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city.
Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.
Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events.
He interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014.
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children.
Teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the UK speaking up to 300 languages.
They also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
Stephen King's hit novel series The Dark Tower is on its way to cinemas.
The revered writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series.
Three years on, things are back on track - this time with Sony.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.
Mr Lane, who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt, was sent flying to the ground, before being kicked in the head.
He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen.
The face of the thug who kicked Mr Lane was captured on video.
Manuel Pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
Patrick Vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win.
Vieira has worked with some of the best managers in the business.
Pep Guardiola stepped up from coaching Barcelona reserves to become the youngest manager to win the Champions League.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Charlton with eight minutes played.
But Johann Gudmundsson equalised for Fulham in the 16th minute.
Fulham now sit 20th in the table eight points clear of Millwall.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P.
On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface.
But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’
During the recent flyby, the spacecraft started to mistake comet debris for stars, causing it to lose sight of Earth.
It took nearly 24 hours before the spacecraft could properly start tracking again
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear.
The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show.
Lewis Ferguson, 18, survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square.
The amateur jockey was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning.
Ferguson's double somersault horror fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in the Red Sea city of Hurghada.
Unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time, but was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed by an armed officer.
The Curious Canine Kitchen opens in Shoreditch, London, on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April.
Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson.
Dishes include tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut, and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell him.
If Sterling leaves for one of the Premier League's big three, then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Gareth Bale to leave Madrid.
Bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines.
Liverpool will not budge from their £100,000/week contract offer to Sterling.
Argentine Paulo Dybala, dubbed 'the new Sergio Aguero', is set to be on his way to the
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15.
Police said they were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with broom.
But footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was shot.
Hall's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court.
Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon.
In the future, each of us may have an 'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery, that goes everywhere with us.
Plane manufacturer, Airbus, believes that planes in 2050 will be made of panoramic windows that can turn transparent at the wave of a hand.
Samantha Giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being dragged behind a car.
She was left for dead in a gutter on Myall Road in Casula, south-west of Sydney.
One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident.
Police are searching for others they believe were involved.
Scientists at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more.
They found obese people fall into one of six categories:.
The largest cluster was 'younger healthy females' - also the youngest group.
'Unhappy anxious middle-aged' group was primarily female, had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia, anxiety, depression and fatigue.
Jared Henry of Arkansas was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.
The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen by her mother in Stratford, London, last night.
She was spotted with the man on Romford Road, Stratford at about 10.30pm.
Detectives had released a CCTV image and appealed for information about the man.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg.
She thinks its length of 1.8cm shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder.
The egg was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, and is smaller than a five pence piece.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
The Puerto Rican-born fighter has revealed his secret weapon.
Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-0 with 17 KOs.
John Suchet has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis and toll it took.
Classic FM presenter, now 71, has written a book and become honorary president of Dementia UK charity.
In September he appeared to confirm he was in a new relationship with a woman called Nula.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk.
They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader.
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots.
Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom.
The 90-second video has already attracted three million views on YouTube.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Jessica Bialek returned to her home in Coogee on Thursday evening.
The 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30am on Wednesday morning.
Her husband, Sabino Matera, has made a desperate plea for information.
Police have confirmed she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer.
The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson.
Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Corrective Services NSW has launched an investigation into the matter.
Emission 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1.
They were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
Tracey Cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.
She says that if he doesn't like himself it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
The more they like who they are, the healthier your relationship will be.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg on Monday night.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the Blues before Dominic Solanke doubled their lead.
Abraham restored Chelsea's lead on 20 minutes after Isaac Buckley had restored parity.
Solanke scored the third goal of the game with just minutes to play.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup and it's not looking good for the Rickies.
Tracey Neville's appointment as England netball coach follows an 81-cap international career.
Kevin Sinfield may find his late career switch from League to Union a rather more taxing challenge.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool.
Liverpool have made poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts.
Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder.
Coleman ran down 24-year-old Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence and her uncle in her 2004 white Dodge Durango.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1.
The former Hibs man was named Man of the Match despite playing for just over half an hour.
Celtic are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate during Man City's 2-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
The Spaniard was taken to hospital but the club allayed fears over his condition on Monday by confirming nothing had been broken.
Silva tweeted: ‘All the tests have gone well and I’m already home. The three points is what was important!’
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter.
She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
The prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years.
It also contains a clause that allows the chef buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff.
Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes.
The group, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' reads one of one of the group
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall.
The couple are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island.
Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Mr Ryan has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola.
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining the Italian.
Lukaku has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season.
Martinez believes Ross Barkley will benefit from the difficult season.
Lois Lerner was subpoenaed by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in May 2013 after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal.
The IRS gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years.
Lerner insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a hearing, and then refused to answer lawmakers' questions – a choice that the Obama administration now says was perfectly legal.
Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen.
The 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial in the Danish capital.
She spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother Henrietta Donaldson.
Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists that look too good to eat.
The Art Series collection features eggs boasting designs by Jackson Pollock and Banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $15.95.
Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are once again selling their enormous chocolate eggs, which weigh in around the 2.2kg mark and cost $132.
Plane had a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima Airport.
There were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew on board.
Japanese media are reporting that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact.
The airport has been closed as a result of the crash.
Adam McBurney was not at his home when it was targeted on Easter Sunday.
Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink.
The Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that Knapp has fallen foul of.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season.
The Real Madrid forward posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time'
Benzema is confident his club success at the Bernabeu can force his way into contention for the Ballon d'Or award.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House.
The building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
The Queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at Newbury.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap.
The Queen's Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth looked the one who got away.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan beat Wakefield 40-22.
Burgess scored three of the Warriors' seven tries in the victory.
It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane's men and a fifth from their last six matches.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars.
He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner as Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final.
Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg.
Rafael Benitez's side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A, leaving their Champions League qualification hopes in tatters.
James Graham and David Klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee.
The Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour.
It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading.
There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder.
They can sell for as much as £6,000 each – far more than the £28 fee that Sweden’s government charges for new or renewed travel documents.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, revealed in an interview that she was bullied as a teenager.
The London-born supermodel was scouted at Primark in Hammersmith at 15.
Now she walks for the likes of Balmain, Fashion for Relief and Topshop Unique.
She has openly criticised the fashion industry for its lack of black models.
Jack Grealish could end up playing for Republic of Ireland against England in June.
Grealish has met Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane.
The 19-year-old has played for the Republic's youth teams.
Aston Villa could sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million.
The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba.
Andone was born in Romania but moved to Spain when he was 12.
Researchers at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain.
The experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others.
They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to makes decisions.
To test the rodents’ response to rats’ pained expressions, they showed them the photos in a specially made cage, to test whether they responded to the face, rather than the smell of another animal.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
He showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano and even more when the victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol.
Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties'
Hoey ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island he inherited from his father and grandfather.
78 Irish travellers refused to budge despite facing three courts, a planning inquiry and a council.
Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their leafy village.
But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
They claimed the eviction 'violated' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans.
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016.
More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at the festival.
The festival took place in Sydney, Perth, Adelaide, Melbourne and Brisbane between February 28 and March 9.
On Thursday, organisers of the annual event released a statement announcing that it has been cancelled.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.
Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible.
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
According to police records, a father-son team of detectives paid $10,000 a week to track his every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations.
The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, appears to show Rihanna preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose.
The 27-year-old singer was partying at the Coachella music festival in what appeared to be a VIP trailer.
However, Rihanna quickly hit back to insist it was just a joint, by posting a comment on the users account.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday.
Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to step down.
Geronimi said: 'If you want to be president of a League with 41 clubs instead of 42, you must go'
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.
'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One, however,
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the slackrope over a pool containing more than 50 alligators.
He has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Mr McDonald said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
The Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g.
The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago.
Cadbury's parent company’s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $87 million to $127 million in 2013.
New York Mets closer Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol.
The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre.
These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel.
But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him.
Prime Minister urged audience to support West Ham during speech yesterday.
But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
Cameron has been a Villa fan since his teens and was taken to Villa Park aged 13 by his uncle Sir William Dugdale.
Last week the PM tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final by beating Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of.
She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated.
Ms Sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting.
This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead.
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the New York Theatre Workshop.
The 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with alcohol and television.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team.
The Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos.
Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup.
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.
Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike.
Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine.
Navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning.
It fired some warning charges the size of grenades in the sea near Helsinki.
The incident comes just months after Sweden suspected Russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital Stockholm.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries.
He remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free.
Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders.
The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas.
Some people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued.
Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit.
He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him: 'Don’t worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive'
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple.
She made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby.
The short film was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event.
Sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage.
Referee Martin Atkinson travelled in business class on return from Munich.
West Ham are closing in on signing Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford.
The 17-year-old forward impressed on trial at Montego Bay United.
Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles.
Police noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
On Wednesday, he made his initial appearance in Justice Court.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery.
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
It has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape.
The article focused on a University of Virginia student named Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident doesn't seem to exist.
Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece.
Scot's College has been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university.
The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC.
The unnamed trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal.
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them.
Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share.
That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steven Gerrard left the club at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure said Gerrard was'sad' but also felt sorry for the fans.
Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Massage your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration.
Massage reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension.
Swapping cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids.
Ipswich Town left back Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts.
The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account.
His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life'
Mings replied two minutes later: 'Aww mumma you deserve every penny. Thankyou for all the years of hard work'
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country.
Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165.
The top five is completed by Hawaii and the District of Columbia.
People with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier, on average, than those who had no sleep problems.
The US researchers’ results also suggested that the onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems.
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course.
A student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in February.
Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds, but was not charged with any offence.
The one-cap England international received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year.
Security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted.
Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco.
The flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system, up to and including Android 4.4.
Subsequently, anyone running Android 5.0 or above are not at risk and the security experts are advising people on older models to update as soon as possible.
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month.
Reid had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.
The 26-year-old believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at the club.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday.
The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space.
It added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes.
Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits.
The hard-line approach comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
A subsequent galaxy poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory.
Award-winning photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
For his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries.
The results are a spectacular set of dramatic images, which currenlty form part of an exhibition at New York's Foto-Care Gallery.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student.
Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also 15, accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year.
Granado was also arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy and letting him touch her breasts.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes while he was in Augusta.
The 20-year-old then decided to try them on for size herself.
She then posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt on Twitter.
Miss Sokie also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
Bankruptcy rates remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid.
Vince Young earned a reported $64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his NFL career.
Michael Vick, who made more than $130million, is still playing has he attempts to pay off his $18million bankruptcy debt from 2008.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing.
The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***'
Brendan Rodgers was fined for leaving a house in Accrington to rot.
Liverpool boss was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at Blackburn magistrates' court.
Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves for the Manchester derby on Sunday afternoon.
Gary Neville described the City players as a 'weed' in the garden.
City lost for the fourth time in six Premier League matches.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.
Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.
Lady Gaga paid tribute to The Sound of Music at the Oscars in February.
In Los Angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star, Julie Andrews, came on stage.
Each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan.
Mr Hall said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message.
Father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’
She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
Jose Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke City on Saturday.
Chelsea lead the Premier League by six points with a game in hand.
Mourinho also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job.
In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job, while in Estonia, only around 40% did.
The UK was average for the generosity of benefits and this was reflected in the percentage of people wanting to work - at 60%.
London Mayor launches Tory campaign with speech in Mill Hill, North London.
Said Labour leader is 'hostile' to people who want to own their own home.
Claims Ukip wants to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls.
'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it'
Mccombs said that the next thing he knew, Musick was attacking Day and strangled him to death.
Day had never been charged or prosecuted for any molestation crime at the time of his death.
The dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III.
It will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored.
The restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
Lewis Hamilton finished 16th in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace with a lap of one minute 37.827secs.
The Finn is two tenths of a second up on team-mate Sebastian Vettel.
McLaren's Fernando Alonso was an encouraging seventh, finishing 0.771secs down.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF.
The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda.
The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory.
Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
His owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate.
The couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the annual Celtic player of the year awards dinner on Sunday night.
The Norway midfielder is delighted with the Hoops''special' season.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season.
The Stoke striker is recovering from a serious knee injury.
Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers.
Click here for more Premier League news.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie for surgery to remove her spleen.
The operation was successful but when she returned home she noticed bruising.
Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn.
It is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital on Wednesday.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game for Juventus against Monaco.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person.
Weaver, born on July 4, 1898, exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day at the facility's dining room.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following storming start to the new Formula One season.
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together.
Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix this weekend.
#NotAnAprilFools campaign aims to challenge gender stereotyping in toys.
Girls' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes, while boys make giant chocolate sundaes.
Boys are encouraged to draw warriors while women draw faces and flowers.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
The defeat was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go.
Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn United into title contenders.
Daley Blind, Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender would fit the bill.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
Rangers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the Scottish Championship.
Stuart McCall's side have a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from Queen of the South.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own.
The pair teamed up to perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight.
Redknapp and Barnes played together at Liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of housework each day.
But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home wives when it comes to sharing the burden.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head.
While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated on the ground nearby.
It is unclear how this happened and for how long she lay there.
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since fugitive stole files.
Extremist websites have also released encryption programmes for followers.
Henry Jackson Society has found that at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications.
Lane Smith, 26, died after hitting his head in an accident in July 2014.
His son Taos was born just a few weeks later.
Photographer Kayli Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them.
Sharry called the ghostly final picture 'amazing'
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily’s very special wardrobe would be a stretch.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire.
He was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police.
The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer.
She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy.
The controversial treatment involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support.
Her partner Tallon Pamenter said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple - who were planning to marry this year - had been through.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in International Champions Cup.
Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will be taking part in the tournament.
United’s match in Michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the United States with 109,318 fans gathering to watch Real Madrid.
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.
Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous.
It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine.
Despite the restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
Ander Herrera scored twice in Manchester United's win against Aston Villa.
The Spaniard started just three of the 21 games he played in last season.
Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans.
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola were in deep conversation during a Barcelona training session.
Mourinho was Bobby Robson’s assistant at Barcelona and Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time.
The picture became the perfect ‘guess the caption’ competition the best one having Guardiola say to Mourinho: ‘I’ll be Barça coach one day and I'll win the treble’
And isn’t that current Porto coach Julen Lopetegui?
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show.
For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
The inflatable doll has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city.
The attraction features a ball pit, slide and climbing area.
Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
Todd Larson, 55, told Daily Mail Online he had parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed.
Mr Larson said the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and the smaller ones were the size of golf balls.
He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home.
On Friday afternoon, Mr Larson said he has contacted Delta Airlines and the person in charge of
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Chapple first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation.
In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of him missing the Eiffel Tower on 4chan.
The Belgian food blogger asked users to help improve his photo.
Over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up connecting his finger with the top of the tower.
Van De Ven said he thought it would be hilarious to deliberately make fun of the typical tourist pictures.
Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in the BBC's Game of Thrones.
Actor Kit Harington plays Jon Snow in the fantasy epic.
Travis Fimmel stars in Vikings, which charts the rise of Viking king Ragnar Lothbrok.
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to 13.7billion in 2011.
Researchers analysed 22 studies, including five from Britain.
Found risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house.
The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses said.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout.
A man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
She was held at gunpoint by a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie.
The robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register.
Now Popeyes have offered her $2,000 in backpay, since she has been out of work for almost one month.
Seven babies and three mothers died at two NHS hospitals in eight months.
Independent investigators called into Royal Oldham and North Manchester General.
Lisa Parkisson, 35, died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in April.
Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year, to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
Incredibly, the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
Sudan is one of five northern white rhinos left, and a number of them are his descedents.
Rangers have even cut off his horn to deter poachers - but they fear it won't be enough.
Independent review of Rolling Stone's story about alleged gang rape at UVA.
It said story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism.
Rolling Stone is not expected to take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely.
Minute-long clip shows S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth.
A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of Russia.
It comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed another rocket launch which killed six Russian ballistic missile technicians.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations in Landford, Essex and is thought to date to 5,600 BC.
It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil.
Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
The find sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening.
Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute.
Fabian Orellana was shown a red card for throwing a lump of grass towards Sergio Busquets.
Viktoria Charkley watched the emotional scene for the first time on Saturday.
Her father Barles posted the video on Facebook, which has so far garnered more than four million views.
He urges viewers to 'check out' Viktoria's crestfallen reaction.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active.
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before.
Before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale.
It is unknown how the whale died but it does not appear to have any broken bones or show signs of blunt force trauma.
Clarence David Moore, 66, was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free June 10, 1972.
He has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive.
Moore suffers from several unspecified ailments and cannot walk, but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID, he has been unable to receive medical treatment.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he started hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine.
He stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
On Friday night, he publicly addressed his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special tonight.
Monaco host Juventus in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Leonardo Jardim's side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can right the wrong by eliminating the Serie A champions.
Vicars say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services.
But clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school.
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament.
He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
After getting her number from a cellmate, the prisoner originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour.
He then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
Deputy Prime Minister said there was a'very real danger' that Ukip and DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament.
Mr Clegg's remarks come after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night - as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
The 56-year-old singer, who describes herself as a 'closet comedian', has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday.
The blonde bombshell took that infamous tumble during her Brits performance and now she's bombed slightly during her stand up routine on The Today Show.
Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City on Saturday.
Cesar Azpilicueta believes the Blues have shown their strength since 'day one'
Jose Mourinho's side have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their season opener back on August 18.
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. between Boulder City and Searchlight in Nevada.
Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself.
Dr Brandt, 65, was reportedly 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
He was reportedly unable to speak certain words due to his plastic surgery.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago.
But within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare.
Mark Ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against Ms Jackson.
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century.
Theobald claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard.
But a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the playwright as the true author.
Sinbad the ginger tabby cat sneaked inside a shipping container in Egypt.
The eight-month-old kitten had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes.
He was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
RSPCA was called out to investigate and found the exhausted kitten.
Sinbad has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
His parents, Ahavah and Jason Cook, were all deaf, so they were expecting hearing problems.
Last month, Elijah was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear the voice of his mother for the first time.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening.
A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Shay Given has been selected each round of the competition, beginning under Paul Lambert.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, will now be accessible via footbridge for the first time.
Developer Peter Prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers in order for them to explore the fort, built in 1867.
The new visitor site will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historic building to its former glory.
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft.
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board.
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV.
Louis van Gaal is keen to make the winger one of his first signings.
Depay worked under Van Gaal during Holland's successful 2014 World Cup campaign.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Thursday night.
Stuart McCall's side face Livingston in the Championship on Wednesday.
McCall has warned his players to be on their guard against Livingston.
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at a glittering ceremony in London.
The Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
Hazard joined the Blues from Lille in 2012 and signed a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in February.
Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas.
For months, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site.
But new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater.
Last night, claims of a cover-up intensified when documents uncovered by MoS also revealed no traces of carbon monoxide had been detected at the home in Chertsey, Surrey.
Mike Brown has been ruled out of Saturday's Aviva Premiership match against Sale.
Brown has been suffering from headaches nine weeks after his injury.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea says Brown is not right for Bath.
Paul Tudor Jones II, 60, bought Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week.
The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918.
It has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix.
They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.
These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype.
Another group designed Nipper - the world’s smallest mobile phone charger.
Whichever tweet has the most retweets will go into a Kickstarter fundraising campaign and ultimately into development.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday.
Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena.
Stewart is hoping Pietersen can further his quest when Surrey face Glamorgan in their first LV= County Championship fixture next week.
Rangers slumped to a 3-0 defeat at Queen of the South on Thursday night.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form.
The Light Blues remain behind the Easter Road side in third place on goal difference.
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby.
The Burnley boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor.
Dyche has retained the support of the Burnley fans throughout the season.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's Champions League performance shows you don't need to buy big.
The French club are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of European football's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years.
Jardim's side host Juventus in the quarter-finals on Wednesday.
A measure proposed to the Oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Victoria's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' splashed across an image of skinny models.
More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition started by three students asking for an apology, and for the initiative to be scrapped.
The US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire.
The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England.
Bell has won five trophies with the club, including the County Championship in 2004 and 2012.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies' favour.
Cisse is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain.
Not because she might cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office.
In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity.
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum.
He was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer.
But he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets.
In order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, the 71-year-old had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Ranette Afonso, 42, is set to marry Marko Conte, 30, in October.
The pair met thanks to a car accident in August 2013.
After the accident, the pair exchanged insurance and contact details.
Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him two months later.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama.
A third person suddenly started shooting at the animal, it was claimed.
Stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks.
Danel was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke.
Mourinho could offer Filipe Luis in a part-exchange deal this summer.
Koke signed a long-term deal with Diego Simeone's side last year.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times.
The 41-year-old has battled back from injury to take part in the race.
She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award.
Paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003.
Alex Vella, 61, has been banned from re-entering Australia after the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in Malta last year.
Vella has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother, all of whom are Australian citizens.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her wedding.
She also stole £5,000 for a luxury post-wedding break in the Seychelles.
But she was spared jail even though she had been convicted of fraud twice.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'
The three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
Phillips, Evans and Stokes were released on bail following today's hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay.
Swells were as high as 3ft for one to two hours before they were rescued.
Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals.
William D. Kelley, 50, has improved from critical to serious condition.
His pastor, Bill Bowers, said Kelley is 'not able to speak at the moment'
Tim Bresnan is keen to give England's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire.
The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14.
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders.
The man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card.
Eventually, he was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, Miami.
But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer.
Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for mocking the Munich Air Disaster.
Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.
A total of 23 people perished when a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich.
Terry Martin shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the winnings.
But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Police found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
Whittington's relationship with the toddler has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father.
Dindral later gave the footage to cops who were able to track down the suspect.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment.
A total of 800 inhabitants occupied the settlement, but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated from the area.
Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church in South Carolina.
He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation.
Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance.
South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.
In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'
As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for him. 'My oh my, that's what meat tastes
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.
They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside.
Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.
Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to Duplan.
Duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the field and soon made his departure.
Gareth Bale has scored 17 goals for Real Madrid this season.
The Welshman is out of Wednesday's Euroderby II clash with Atletico Madrid.
Bale has been the subject of strong interest from Manchester United.
Real Madrid would like to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea.
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure.
Work on the expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
That will take the capacity of the stand up to 21,000 and increase the stadium's capacity from 45,000 to 54,000.
The month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg.
From the same litter, the two cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
The jaguars are featured in the video away from their parents, and their father will not be involved in the upbringing of the cubs.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note.
It thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament.
Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991.
But attempts to bring him to justice were repeatedly blocked.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5.
During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times.
All the while Dubois was reporting live, tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could.
Thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.
They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process.
Gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.
The gang have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.
The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel.
They found that the temperature of the forehead is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy.
While the alcohol got some volunteers more tipsy than others, they all had a blood alcohol content of at least 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood.
This figure is the drink
Volcano Calbuco, in Chile's south, erupted at 6pm local time today.
It is one of Chile's three most dangerous volcanoes, but was not under observation before it erupted.
Volcano last erupted in 1972, with a weak eruption following in 1972.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada.
Local authorities set up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano, barring access to the area.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest.
Freedman replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce in February.
Forest have made an audacious attempt on the play-off places.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all main parties.
It said none of the major parties had given 'full details' on how they will tackle debt.
Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan.
Labour has left door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars.
The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.
Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles.
Progressive education experts in UK have long pushed for system to emulate Finland.
But new analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined.
Findings will add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that return to teacher-led lessons are way to raise standards in schools.
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.
When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila wants to keep Jason Denayer on loan next season.
Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
The 19-year-old also faces competition from Vincent Kompany at Manchester City.
But Denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club in a bid to prove himself.
Diafra Sakho came off after 58 minutes against Stoke with thigh strain.
Senegal international has scored 12 goals this season.
West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental.
The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii, Japan, New York and London.
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
The hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced, and it's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $1.1 million funding
Southampton have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches.
Ronald Koeman's side are seventh in the Premier League table.
Southampton host Hull City in the Europa League on Saturday.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula.
The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs.
Ms Fritz had a struggle sitting upright under the weight of the 200lbs pup.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo.
School of Trevally fish began circling above her.
Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The 34-year-old boxer also handed over his passport to authorities.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory.
Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola's side lost 3-1 to the Portuguese side in the first leg.
Guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with Bayern this season.
Bayern remain on course for three trophies, leading the Bundesliga by 12 points.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital.
Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon.
Ryanair steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu begged Aaron not to report him to police when he replied to a message warning him that he could prove that he was selling stolen goods.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some operations.
Many have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight.
Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery, while smokers could be banned from having IVF on the NHS.
Sherrell Dillion starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee.
Sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation.
The single mother-of-two is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth.
Fifi M. Maacaron's Natural Beauty Alchemy contains over 100 ingredients.
The 36-year-old pharmacist uses full-fat cream cheese in a face mask.
Apple cider vinegar has been cited as a great cleansing agent.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.
Duckling begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its coat.
Lamb’s owner said it was a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
His surgery raided following four deaths 'of concern'
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor.
Karen, 52, died in January of pneumonia and Colin, 63, died of heart failure.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall.
Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013.
The 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Sam Reese recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show.
22-year-old's crime was to ask his date Kathleen to split the bill with him.
The action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter.
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.
The models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015.
Holden revealed that if the short circuit creates sufficient heat, there is a risk that the cable insulation may melt or potentially catch fire.
Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five.
But in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds.
NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday.
Footage shows the driver of a black SUV coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
 Thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air.
The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard.
Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo.
Samantha Cameron visited Abbey Court School in Rainham, Kent.
She met five-year-old Jessica at the school, which was'very close to her heart'
Mrs Cameron is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia.
In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea.
Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas.
Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy'
Paul Gascoigne scored one of the all-time great goals at Wembley 24 years ago.
Tottenham Hotspur beat Arsenal 3-1 in the 1991 FA Cup semi-final.
The then England star hit the 35-yard free-kick that cemented his place in Tottenham legend.
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services.
Maura Pally, acting CEO of the Clinton Foundation, apologized.
She said the foundation made'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations.
Fund had been under scrutiny for undisclosed donations from foreign governments.
Foundation was also facing scrutiny for selling uranium company to Russia.
But Pally said it would'remedy' any errors but stressed total revenue was reported accurately.
Harry Redknapp says Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids.
Tottenham are currently occupying a place only in the top six.
Redknapp has also criticised the club's recruitment policy.
Red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds.
Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident.
Police said the occupants of the house had a lucky escape and only suffered minor injuries.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow.
The decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday.
Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Researchers at Yale University have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this'
The 50-year-old man collapsed after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in the tourist town of Kuta.
He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack.
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
But an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund, but – and this is tribute to the charisma he evoked during his time there – in European football.
A New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the father.
The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark.
A judge ruled that while the singer's works can be suggestive, they are preteen-appropriate.
Ashley Pegram, 28, went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla, 30, on April 3.
He told her he had kicked her out of his car after she got too drunk.
But he has now been charged with obstructing justice.
Pegram's sister, Brandy Chance, said Pegram's children are devastated.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali in 1971 was the second 'Fight of the Century'
Frazier labelled Ali an 'Uncle Tom' due to the support he got from white conservatives.
Migrant ship capsized off Libya's coast this weekend, killing 900 people.
Mourners lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta, and in front of Rome's Verano Cemetery.
The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800.
Three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes.
EU leaders will decide how to deal with the migrant crisis during an emergency summit in Brussels today.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age.
'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama.
A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
Jimmy Anderson took four wickets on day two of the first Test in Antigua.
Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record.
England lost five wickets for 20 runs on the second day of the second Test.
Rotherham were sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Millers have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them.
But Evans insists he does not know the strength of his side's defence.
The baby elephant was captured at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire.
It can be seen walking alongside its herd, which travel in a single file line.
The young mammal stops to dawdle and pick something up from the grass.
But its back gets in the way and causes the link to break.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper.
The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
Kim Rose is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen.
He is being investigated by officers after laying out snacks at event.
Electoral Commission rules food and entertainment cannot be provided by MPs.
Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement 'absolutely ridiculous'
Squatters set up just yards from the famous setting at Runnymede in Surrey.
They are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London.
The battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the Magna Carta anniversary on June 15.
Swedish furniture store IKEA has banned shoppers from sleeping in beds and sofas.
Staff have taken action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds.
The problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds.
The total, cited in media reports about the secretive investigation, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported.
NBC investigators honed in on an appearance on the Daily Show where Williams boasted that he had looked into the eyes of mounted Egyptian soldiers in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
But Camilla’s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey.
Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday.
The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following recent poor results.
Footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group on a Jet2 flight.
The yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sang and swore their way to Alicante.
Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing.
Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party, a man in his thirties, off the aircraft when it arrived in Spain.
Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with 31 inches between each row of seats, a standard which on some airlines has decreased.
United Airlines has 30 inches of space, Gulf Air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches, Air Asia offers 29 inches and Spirit Airlines offers just 28 inches.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.
She says buying a few tins of paint can make a world of difference in just a few hours.
Getting rid of marks on doors and frames and even changing door-knobs are encouraged by real estate assessors.
A fresh coat of paint is underestimated as a sell point but the fresh, brighter appearance of a house is very important ahead of a sale.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011.
The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend.
Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Jason Archinaco and his wife have been sharing their home with P-22.
The cougar has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in Los Feliz.
He has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out.
Animal welfare workers have even resorted to using beanbags to move him.
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana.
It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.
The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube.
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000.
The former Manchester United and England defender played 19 times for United.
He made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles.
Harry Kane could miss the Under 21 European Championship due to Tottenham playing a friendly in Malaysia next month.
Tottenham will take on a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup.
The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27.
Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about Kane's burnout.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia.
State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said death was 'a tragic accident'
Family described him as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.
The research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to Queensland Health.
But medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes.
His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer is listing his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent Eastern Suburbs.
The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the CBD.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV in Thursday's General Election debate.
Instantly the Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’
But the latest official figures show that more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV.
in Britain – where their country of origin is known – were born overseas.
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare bone cancer.
She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility.
After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Everton were held to a 1-1 draw by Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium.
Aaron Lennon scored the only goal of the game with a first-half strike.
Jonjo Shelvey equalised for the visitors with a penalty.
Tim Howard insists the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat in Western Sydney fostered Kibulu as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the NSW Zoo where he was born.
Kibulu is one of 23 lions in Donna Wilson’s care at the retreat.
The sanctuary is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Amir Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
The Bolton fighter had come under increasing pressure to take on Kell Brook in June.
Khan was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman.
But Khan said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen.
Today, 25 April 2015, Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe, Anzac Cove, to commence the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train.
His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police.
Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her.
The middle school student also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
Hannah Campbell was blinded in one eye and her left hand was split in two.
Her left leg was shattered in the blast in Basra, Iraq, in 2007.
Doctors told her she would never conceive again, but gave birth to Lexi-River.
But when she was ten days old, Miss Campbell suffered excruciating stomach pain.
She feared she would not be there to help her daughter blow out the candles.
As she struggled to recover, her relationship broke down with partner Anthony McMorrow.
Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
It's estimated that 3,299 tonnes of carbon dioxide are released every day from people drinking Coca Cola alone.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta.
The 45-year-old Bulgarian now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government.
Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons after the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996.
Mitchell-Clark reached out through social media to speak with Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
They found out they work at the came call-center operations company and live six minutes away from one another.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion.
It was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties.
The judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of €100million (£86million)
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot.
ISIS released the disturbing images on the same day as they attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group's control as happy and carefree.
They have previously released sickening images and videos of the terror organisation murdering anybody who dares to oppose them.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup.
But he was substituted at half time by Louis van Gaal.
Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad.
Radamel Falcao is expected to leave Manchester United in the summer.
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Colombian striker.
The Serie A champions are interested in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and PSG's Edinson Cavani.
Fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 African migrants.
12 men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths, police say.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder'
Follows reports of shipwreck feared to have cost 41 lives off Italian coast.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Order would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to apply the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple.
The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas.
Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club.
The former Chelsea winger chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Malaouda included Chelsea defender John Terry for his leadership qualities.
Gary Goldsmith was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent's Park at 8.30am yesterday.
Mrs Goldsmith took her dog for a stroll in the Central London park.
A cyclist, listening to music on headphones, ran straight over Cheech.
Mr Goldsmith posted a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter.
He said: 'Evil s***... Coming to get ya'
Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return.
Leinster's Rob Kearney is a real threat as a strike runner.
Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman.
They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI.
Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.
Deal aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.
Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
He said: 'Everything we promised in the nuclear talks... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises'
Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding.
Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano.
The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window.
Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September.
Colombia striker has failed to shine at Old Trafford this season.
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev says United are keeping options open.
A federal judge has ordered the Internal Revenue Service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions.
The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
Federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose, including issue advocacy, and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors.
Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania.
Making an attempt to scare them away the driver is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck.
The Italian-inspired mansion, which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains, has now gone on the market for $29.5 million.
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.
The property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door.
Gary Cahill has won four cups with Chelsea since joining in January 2012.
The England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season.
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriage'sets up too many people for failure'
Couples in a Starter Marriage agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner'
At the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families.
Sophie Falkiner, 41, says she has a'million and one' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight.
Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested being fat - with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February.
Rory McIlroy bids to become only sixth man in history to claim career Grand Slam.
Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young American stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Justin Rose, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood and Henrik Stenson also gunning for glory.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer.
Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
It appeared to take Mr Abbott about six seconds to down the schooner.
Comedian Dom Joly jumped off Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing's boat in Brazil.
The 47-year-old was invited to join other celebrities onboard boats.
As the fleet headed out of harbour, guests all jumped off the vessels.
Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in sport by Tom Daley.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto.
Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova.
Dina reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar.
MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas – known as ‘insiders’
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, who was being treated for depression, was able to override a security system installed on flights following the 9/11 attacks as he flew the aircraft into the ground.
Mary Schuyler, 120, ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday.
Schuyler broke the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour, she took home a grand total of $6,000.
Philadelphia-based artist Alison Nastasi has curated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.
The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Wales have climbed 15 places to become world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0.
Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Belgium rise to third for the first time behind Germany and Argentina.
The funeral for Ms Scott will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra.
The parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion.
Ms Scott's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday.
A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid.
Sukumaran and Chan are currently awaiting execution on the death island of N
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
The Chelsea forward nut-megged David De Gea for the opening goal.
Jose Mourinho's side need just nine points to win the Premier League title.
John Allan claimed David Cameron's decision to promise in-out referendum means the cart is'very firmly before the horse'
He suggested large firms could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly' if Britain exit the EU.
Tory election manifesto includes promise of in out referendum by 2017.
But Mr Allan warns this approach risks backfiring because it commits to a referendum regardless of whether a better deal has been struck with Brussels.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final on Thursday.
The Spaniard will play either top seed Serena Williams or third seed Simona Halep in Saturday's final.
It's the eighth time the 12th seed has reached a WTA final.
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.
Union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family'
Staff have voted 'overwhelmingly' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered 'years of pay restraint'
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming.
The discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system.
Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37.
She launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009.
More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
Poll of more than 2,000 adults for Allergy Awareness Week reveals that over two thirds of adults would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergic reaction.
Intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home.
The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to CNN.
It is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed.
Last September, a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side of grounds.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle United on Sunday.
The 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5.
Union officials from NASUWT say ‘hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed.
Some youngsters hurl chairs, bring fireworks to school and threaten to slit other pupils’ throats.
The behaviour of some youngsters is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them.
A cross-dressing robber robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria.
The armed robbery was carried out in not very ladylike fashion.
Detectives have released an image of a man dressed as a woman.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread.
They found that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent.
Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming.
This enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival and sparked a ‘major economic revolution’
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web'
He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack.
The teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn on Wednesday.
The canal has been designated as especially polluted by the Environmental Protection Agency.
Swain said the experience was like'swimming 'in a dirty diaper'
The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted that it must, by law, be cleaned up.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today.
Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
Benaud captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s.
He took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.
The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.
But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles away.
Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role.
Researchers tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers.
They then recorded the results using EEG.
Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9 (or cycles per second)
They were discovered in 1929 by Hans Berger, who invented EEG.
Amanda Holden, 44, is the cover star of Good Housekeeping.
The mother-of-two has two daughters, aged nine and three.
Holden, who married record producer Chris Hughes in 2008, has a happy marriage.
She has admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her glowing appearance.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour.
Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home.
Ruben helped in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit David Coleman, 54, three times with a hammer in Chingford.
The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in.
Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury.
He is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits.
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said she would step in if he quit.
But she played down his medical problems, saying: 'His health is fine'
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope.
Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.
But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos.
The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon.
It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
River Island removed the book from their shelves and apologised to tweeters individually for the offence caused.
Yu The Great founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC.
Legend says he met his wife after being brought together by a nine-tailed fox.
The bronze sculpture has been in place for ten years, but has worn down.
Officials in Wuhan, central China, have accused tourists of damaging it.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday.
Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, reached 18st at his heaviest.
After he shed the pounds, he landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch.
The pair have since fronted campaigns for Tom Ford, Armani, Prada and Dolce & Gabbana.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2-1 at the Stadium of Light.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles in the 48th minute.
Palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under Alan Pardew's care.
Martin Odegaard was on the bench as Real Madrid beat Almeria 3-0.
The 16-year-old will become Real Madrid's youngest ever player if he comes on.
Odegaard is already a full international for Norway and does not turn 17 until December.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action.
The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
The 25-year-old was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in 1989.
He was readmitted three months later, suffering a serious brain haemorrhage.
Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after the man was born.
At London's High Court today, Judge Michael Yelton approved the £7.3 million settlement.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.
The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'
One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop'
India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 nationals.
Operation Rahat has entered its last phase as not many are left to be pulled out from Yemen where Houthi fighters are resisting a Saudi Arabia- led offensive.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia.
Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
The air temperature surrounding the volcano was around -25C while the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000C.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island.
The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way, until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country.
On Friday morning, Dana Dor, her husband Adi, and their boys, Aidan and Brandon, headed from their Lake Ronkonkoma home to meet Chester.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing from Glasgow nightclub on Sunday morning.
CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Police have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect.
Miss Buckley's parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help with the search.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.
He also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.
Agbafe describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week.
For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in.
Happy Cloud has had to change her screen name to her married name, Rojas, even though she is no longer with her husband.
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year.
The policy bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance.
Under the settlement, the DMV also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney's team talk inspired United to win the game.
Daley Blind believes United need to focus on the end of the season.
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says Turner's macho grunts tarnished the view of the usually'sedate' action of scything.
He says Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed - and he would have kept his shirt on to protect him from the sun.
Female fans take to Twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to play for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry also set to take part alongside youngsters.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
Repeated measurement of a star's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said.
It came after details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will.
Iona's husband George, co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012.
The USA have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June.
The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme.
But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time to give Philadelphia a 2-1 win over New York City FC.
David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City, tapping in the rebound after his team-mate's shot was saved.
San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in his team's win over Vancouver.
New TNS survey shows SNP has almost doubled lead over Labour in a month.
52% now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for Miliband.
Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said.
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final kicked off with footage of the late Sir Laurence Olivier doing the St Crispin's Day speech from the film of Henry V.
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the coverage at Wembley.
The BBC needs to fight hard to avoid Lineker falling into the hands of rivals.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible'
But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before debate.
Mr Cameron insisted he was not nervous and was'relishing' debate.
A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California, closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people, four of them critically.
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99.
Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the
Ronda Rousey appeared at the premiere of action film Fast & Furious 7.
The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event.
Rousey's mother Dr AnnMaria used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds.
U.S. Army Staff SGT Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home.
Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47.
Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, has been married ten times.
Her first marriage took place in 1999, followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam.
She married six men in 2002 - namely Davit Koridze, Duran Goktepe, Aliaksandr Paharelau, Rashid Rajput, and Kakhaber Khorbaladze - and her last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita.
TSA got to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers last year.
Over the past five years passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million.
The funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira.
She's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens.
Average one usually contains daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter.
From organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy.
Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail.
New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym that he owned, is now closed.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt.
The father-of-two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
Smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway.
Despite his shock, the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident.
Anthony Bethell, 74, and St John's College, Oxford embroiled in row over hedgerow.
Hedge divides his one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland owned by college.
Mr Bethell claims college has refused to agree with him on the matter.
Claims hedge is in 'poor state of repair and is an eyesore'
Both have spent £80,000 in legal fees, with full trial likely to cost £150,000.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own car.
Drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt.
Survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm OSV found 31% have never washed their own.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair.
Instagram is awash with beauty shots featuring professional models and selfies uploaded by proud grey haired Instagrammers.
The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models.
Tottenham host Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have been beaten by Burnley and Aston Villa.
Pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
He boasted in Welsh that he would make'millions' when he got out of jail.
Drugs worth £200,000, cars, guns and even a boat were all seized by detectives.
Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating for his performance for Castilla.
The 16-year-old was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane.
Odegaard missed the two games before Sunday's match, which ended 1-1.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday.
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet.
McCoy bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing at Sandown on Saturday.
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career.
The gossip columnist claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg.
Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love for years.
Two of her closest friends were former Texas Governor Ann Richard and Broadway legend Elaine Stritch.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is expecting quadruplets.
Her youngest of 13 children told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Schoolteacher from Berlin is set to become world's oldest woman to give birth to quads.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, gained 12 stone after getting married.
Mother-of-three would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas.
Suffered post-natal depression and fears her husband would leave her.
Used food as an 'emotional crutch' and hid food in medicine cabinet.
By October 2013 she was four stone lighter and doctors agreed she could undergo weight loss surgery at St Mary's Hospital in London.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in Stuttgart.
Kerber won her second title of the season after beating Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Wakefield Wildcats were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves.
Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players.
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao could be streamed across social networks for free.
Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight for free using recent live streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat.
In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 - $99.99 (£66) to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the bout for £19.99.
Joshua Quincy Burns was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month.
Joshua Burns and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home.
Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages.
But the
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack.
Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.
Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area.
The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match.
An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final.
Isaiah Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0.
Dominic Solanke and Brown also netted in the final.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall.
He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards'
His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
Some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday.
His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Amir Khan enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern California.
The Bolton-born boxer posed alongside a rare but dangerous white tiger.
Khan was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa.
Bankers set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers for payment protection insurance scandal.
Another £2.3billion earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Total charge for wrongdoing last year was only 8 per cent less than the previous year.
Argentine forward has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Dybala scored his 13th Serie A goal of the season on Saturday.
Arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club with bids.
Liverpool are also thought to be interested in the 21-year-old.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career in the 68th minute against Rayo Vallecano.
Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with this header against the Spanish side.
The Portugal forward scored in the second half to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona.
He was booked for a dive which could see the three-time Ballon d'Or winner suspended for Saturday's La Liga game with Eibar.
An elderly man was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf on Monday afternoon.
The 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer's own fault.
John Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital, swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile.
He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer, who owns the golf course, gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons.
The mother-of-one has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage.
She estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p.
Manchester United's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Barca, Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG.
Louis van Gaal was unhappy last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do as they zig-zagged around America, playing games in Pasadena, Denver, Washington, Detroit and Miami.
United will play once again in the International Champions' Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer.
Collagen-laced beer claims to have two grams of collagen per can.
The beer is currently on available in Japan’s northern island of Hokkaido.
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Victoria.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused.
They say the disappearance is completely out of character for him.
William Hague to launch English document, which follows traditional Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos.
Centpiece will be pledge to introduce system of 'English votes for English laws'
Will give English MPs effective veto over legislation applying only to constituents.
Kim Hill, 31, was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four.
He forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
Kim never revealed her past until her partner Rob, 34, asked her.
Rob asked Kim if she had been abused ahead of their wedding in 2013.
Derek Osborne was jailed for 20 years and Kim waived her right to anonymity.
Delphi Automotive completed the longest automated drive in the US.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral.
There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
The woman known only as Goska has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil.
She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there.
Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in England for so long.
The 34-year-old keeps the game simple but has been ignored.
Carrick is the best central midfield player in English football.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.
The botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers.
Manchester United are considering a move for the France keeper.
Tottenham are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane.
Geneticists at Harvard University studied ancient human remains.
They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin.
It was not until 7,800 years ago that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
The first Europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live today.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque named Angel.
The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers.
Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support.
Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading.
The 23-year-old hasn’t featured for the Arsenal first team since November.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst.
Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York tonight to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize'
He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver'
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.
The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles.
Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment.
The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry.
British national, of Polish origin, arrested as part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front.
Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week.
Both the prosecutor and hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress.
He said judges should be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
His comments came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in legal system.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious.
The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years.
His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia.
It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment.
The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
Jay Dasilva is a promising young player on the Blues' books, along with two of his brothers.
The young left back is forging a bright reputation for himself.
He was recently hailed as a star by Ian Wright.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Tuesday.
He set up Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal in 2-1 victory at Aston Villa.
De Jong admits he is still short of match fitness but is in contention for a seat on the bench against Swansea on Saturday.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home.
She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne.
The video of the swimming echidna, which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel, was posted online by YouTube user Emma B.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010.
Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
Ashley said yes during a segment on wedding costs that touched on the price of engagement rings.
Bettie Jo, 24, from Houston, Texas, weighed 47 stone (660lb)
She was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs.
Husband Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals.
He kept Bettie Jo fed with unhealthy foods and kept her fed.
She now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) and can stand up on her own.
Alexander Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
Just the day before, we had tracked the crash of rhino on foot.
With 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers in South Africa last year alone, they are increasingly difficult to view.
Rik Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
But probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Pankaj Saw, 29, fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday, while talking to his wife in India.
Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt.
Herrera joined Manchester United from Athletic Bilbao for £29million last summer.
The 25-year-old says he is superstitious following a good spell at the club.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.
They were last seen alive on March 28.
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by 2,000%.
The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made.
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges.
Paul Smith has landed a shot at Andre Ward.
The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Almost all family doctors polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends.
Nearly two-thirds are not willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries.
Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments.
Lionel Messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife having her stomach kissed by their son on social media.
Messi and Antonella Roccuzzo already know they are due to have a baby boy.
The couple are reported to have settled on the name Benjamin.
Manchester City have been restricted to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows.
The club have also been heavily linked with a move for Kevin de Bruyne.
Manchester United, Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees in the past 12 months than City.
Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran.
It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process.
Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film.
The film charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to a boxing career.
Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen arrived.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Ryan Mason has also been affected by the call-up.
Pochettino has told supporters to judge him on where Tottenham finish next season.
Hearts face Rangers at Ibrox on Sunday in the Scottish Championship.
Stuart McCall's side have lost three league games this season.
Rangers boss McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club.
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes.
The actor grilled Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports F1.
Ryan Giroux, 41, accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others.
Accused of shooting three people in a Phoenix motel, killing a man.
Another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant, and two more at separate apartment complexes, about two miles away.
Police launched a massive manhunt to find the culprit, locking down a school and college.
Giroux has convictions in three states totally more than eight years.
Aston Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday.
Shay Given will keep his place in the side for the final against Arsenal.
Brad Guzan is under pressure for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League.
Israeli Jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on Thursday marking Holocaust memorial day.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008.
German government warned of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables.
But the government failed to pass on the warning two days before the crash.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer.
The Frenchman has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh FA.
Vieira is one of the potential candidates to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex.
22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance forced him to move house.
On Easter Monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average'
83 per cent of Australian women said they would describe themselves as average looking.
Just four per cent said they were worthy of the glowing epithet.
Garnet Ghost Town was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver.
It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
Locals say the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they heard music and laughter, even in winter.
Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad'
This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns.
Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book this month.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were sentenced to death in 1975.
They were convicted after a 12-year-old boy said he saw how businessman Harry Franks was murdered.
Bridgeman served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder.
Last year, the three men were exonerated after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch.
When she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through'
Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric.
Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania.
Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
Clinton flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal.
The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
Both President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Clinton incorrectly blamed the Benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a YouTube video mocking Islam's prophet Muhammad.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865.
Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon.
He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.
The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi.
Stuart Lancaster and his staff are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause.
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
On April 22 she will officially become Davion's mother. She admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family, but she said it was worth it.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
The order would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Cocktail sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail near Hailsham.
Discovery comes after spate of dog poisonings in Brighton and Hove.
Sussex Police have warned dog owners to be aware when out walking.
Audrey Pekin says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali.
The 19-year-old claims she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu.
Alafu lured her to his remote home, and then assaulted her again in a taxi.
'He went from a man to a monster,' she said.
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.
Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday.
Arenson posted an image of Fridenburg wearing a white t-shirt on Instagram alongside the message: Modern day superman.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, had no idea she was expecting.
Had been taking contraceptive pill for nine months and had no cravings.
Baby James was born in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor.
Miss Kelly and partner, Aaron Swallow, 27, have now put an offer on a house.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew an unflattering portrait of her.
The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way.
Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday.
Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft.
On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted 500ft to riverbank.
Pair had been attempting risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre.
Mr Carey lost balance and pulled out his friend's parachute and landed inside.
The fall almost killed the pair and they were told they may never walk again.
But a year on both have returned to the sport they love - and Mr Carey has retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao took to social media to show off his ripped physique.
The Filipino boxer has been stepping up his training programme in LA.
A suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
The attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians.
He detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring 125.
Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game against Blackburn in the Championship in November.
Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence.
Goult, wearing a suit and pink shirt, spoke to confirm his name and deny the charge.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs.
She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning.
The ball was hit behind by the Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head.
After 22-minute delay, she was taken to hospital on a stretcher.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45.
He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche.
Also tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and family.
Graham was jailed for life last year for killing Ms Brown for her money.
Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which totalled £816,127.86p.
But Newcastle Crown Court heard he now has no available assets and must pay back £1.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress.
Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from gay rights groups and strangers.
But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland - who had backed Claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process.
In young, non-pregnant mice, 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days.
Karen Wakefield took daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday.
The 13-year-old's school refused to give her permission to take her.
Mrs Wakefield claims her daughter was bullied at school during term time.
She and her partner Paul Dawson could face three months in jail if they don't pay fines.
Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed.
Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month.
Mrs Clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed Maldivian ex-President Nasheed, who has been sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago.
He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found the tumour buried deep in the teenager's brain.
His family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening.
In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
De Bruyne is expected to cost around £40million after joining Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida.
He has been expelled from Phi Delta Theta fraternity and submitted for mental assessment.
His stepfather and mother have said they are 'deeply concerned' about his well-being.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday.
Neymar was substituted after 20 minutes with Xavi on the bench.
Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's petulant reaction.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
The technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work.
It has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.
Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes.
Christopher Starrs, 50, was a manager with BT who admitted defrauding the company of £28,000 over two years.
Starrs and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation.
Both admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses.
Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe.
He dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.
The video was filmed at her cousin Albert's house to celebrate a new veranda Mr Garginian had just helped to build.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday.
The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said.
Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton.
The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual, just a cut on the nose to show for the fall.
Ferguson’s spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Eddie Howe expects Bournemouth fans to inspire the Cherries to win promotion.
The Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday.
Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night.
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Birmingham.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Balotelli's Liverpool team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages.
Kick It Out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 of them directed towards Premier League players.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season with his immaculate three-point shooting.
The 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history.
Curry made a staggering 77 shots in the row during a Golden State' three point drill.
However, the MVP candidate was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
In total, the Ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session.
The girl, who attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California, has been kept home by her mother.
Detectives believe the threats originate from other school children - though it is unclear whether one or several people are to blame.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University.
Picture of her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign was posted online.
The poster also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match is the opposite of transgender.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital.
His friend, 25, remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
Grieving family and friends have paid tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, partying and going to festivals and sporting events.
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat.
A fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets.
Feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their success.
The 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.
Owner Xiao Qibin said the kid is growing quickly and healthily.
Chris Ball, 21, made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family.
He told them not to blame themselves and said there was nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life.
His family have shared the video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease.
It is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska.
Researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
There is no evidence for smelting, casting, or alloying of metals in the Western Hemisphere north of Mexico prior to the arrival of Europeans.
Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season.
The 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the Championship side.
Manchester City are determined to sign more young English players.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops, but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son.
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies on Friday night.
Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now.
Anderson, by contrast, would go unnoticed if he walked into a room.
Louise Smith, 38, was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May when she planted the hairs and complained to staff.
But Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Smith denied fraud in February but failed to attend her trial this week so she was convicted in her absence.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan.
But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone.
Yuan's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs.
Over months he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday.
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $300 million.
The Money Man's daughter Iyanna has been spending time in her father's training camp.
Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
National Union of Teachers to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven.
They want UK to follow the lead of countries like Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons.
It is likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming'
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after being cleared by the Court of Session.
The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday's decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ‘fit and proper’
King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom at the club’s pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman just hours before it was announced he had quit the BBC.
The resignation marks another blow for the hugely-popular show, which has been marred by uncertainty since Clarkson was axed last month following a 'fracas' with a producer.
Mr Wilman helped revamp Top Gear into the Corporation's most successful programme.
There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol.
The PM was speaking in a rather peculiar building - an almost empty science park.
During his visit, Mr Cameron read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’ policies.
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat.
On the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months.
Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
Engineers at the University of Sheffield have shown that tampons can glow in ultra-violet (UV) light, because they absorb chemicals found in products containing ‘optical brighteners’
These are used to whiten and brighten colours.
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light.
The super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants.
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined.
Benaud's memorial booklet, titled 'Remembering Richie', included a few words thanking the guests.
Doncaster Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Fleetwood Town.
Doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge complicating the match highlights.
The match highlights were stuck up on the club's YouTube channel.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Kevin Mirallas scored the only goal of the game after 29 minutes.
Ashley Barnes was sent off just before half time for a 'criminal challenge' on Nemanja Matic.
Everton midfielder Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead from the spot.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Schoenfeld abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.
The kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli to discover more of his grandfather, George William Thomson, a qualified dentist.
He read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran.
Wilkins said one of his most enduring memories of Gallippoli was 'the heartwarming reverence the Turks hold for all, particularly in the Dardenelles'
Donald Allen, 66, pointed a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25.
Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun.
Deputy Chief of Police Mike Carter played the video at a news conference on Tuesday.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic.
He assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013.
In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs.
Hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest there was grounds for a complaint.
Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen has failed to make his La Liga debut since joining Barcelona in the summer.
The 22-year-old has struggled to get ahead of Claudio Bravo in the pecking order under Luis Enrique.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year.
Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure.
2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009.
Adele Adkins has topped the young music rich list again, earning £5million.
Mother-of-one, 26, has double the wealth of her nearest rivals.
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million.
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
One of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane.
The three, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to give the Hoops a 1-1 lead.
Tim Sherwood could not stay still for a moment on the touchline as his players went behind twice.
Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood's rollercoaster evening.
Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz, 27, had been plotting the attack online under the name 'Skydevil'
Mr Sonderheimer spent up to five minutes trying to smash his way into cockpit.
He had left the cockpit in the hands of his co-pilot in order to use the bathroom.
When he returned, the door was locked and Lubitz ignored pleas to let him back in.
The shrine was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally.
Transfield Services said the employees were contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
The guards – seven of whom are former Australian Defence personnel - 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as "the enemy"'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on April 8.
The Portuguese forward has only taken six years to reach the figure.
Ronaldo was presented with a special shirt by club president Florentino Perez.
Real Madrid host Malaga at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday.
Authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming Go Set a Watchman.
They launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch.
Lee, who lives in an Alabama nursing home, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
Silicani rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years.
The anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair has been revealed as Amanda Bailey.
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Mr Key while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Jackie Grant and Scott Brown, whose company owns Rosie cafe, said Ms Bailey had never notified them of her concerns.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington, Indiana, on Monday.
Her friends thought she was too drunk to go there and put her in a taxi to go home.
She was found dead from blunt force trauma to the head on Friday morning.
Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder.
Police traced a cellphone found near Wilson's feet to Messel and after they arrested him, investigators found blood in his vehicle.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13.
Police have released video stills and footage of her last movements.
The University of Brighton student was last seen in Portslade on March 12.
Her family said her death had left a 'deep hole' in their hearts.
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National.
The South African is still doing 1,300 sit-ups and squatting 300lb every morning.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats.
He went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting to low-cost airline.
Unesco has named France's 'gastronomic meal' a world treasure.
But there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Aston Villa against QPR.
The Belgium striker has scored eight goals in six games.
Benteke has been rejuvenated under Tim Sherwood since taking over.
Raheem Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing an aggressive strategy.
Roy Keane insists a footballer should 'always look after No 1'
Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses.
He owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25m.
But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle.
Judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
But his ex-wife Penny Ann Davison has now appeared back in court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in next month’s General Election.
Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott deny any association with UKIP.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in new ad for men's clothing brand Jacamo.
Personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37.
Ad sees the 25-year-old model pout as he lounges by a rooftop swimming pool.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.
Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
Stefanoni and his wife, Margaret, filed the lawsuit in 2013 against the Darien Little League those who were in charge when their son was demoted.
A new antibody injection could 'wipe out advanced cancer'
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system.
They bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue - in this case the tumour - and through the use of signalling cells, alert T-cells, that act like the immune's system's SWAT team.
When the antibodies come into contact with the 'unwelcome'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
US giant Morgan Stanley said Labour government reliant on SNP would create 'greatest uncertainty' of any election result.
Its inevitable 'anti-austerity' agenda could lead to an 'earlier bank rate hike'
Second major bank, Goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about same outcome.
Blake, 27, gave birth to daughter James three months ago.
She has been promoting her new movie Age Of Adaline.
Says losing weight hasn't been a priority.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ronald Koeman's side have not forgiven Mauricio Pochettino for leaving.
Fans are planning to wear orange to show their support for Koeman.
The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly in the past five years.
Critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
The under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s, as they quickly climbed the rungs of the career ladder.
Australia World Cup winner James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire.
Faulkner will replace Peter Siddle who will play in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the Australia squad.
He was named man of the match as his country beat New Zealand to win the World Cup last month.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Meanwhile, Mrs Meita tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Pink croc Hermes Birkin bag has gone on sale for £140,000.
Made-to-measure tote is so exclusive it can't even be brought in store.
Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the bag.
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history.
It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000.
The idea came after a Chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year.
Derby want Burnley manager Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren.
Dyche has impressed in the Premier League with Burnley this season.
Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival.
Elijah McCrae's parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son.
Elijah suffered from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy'
His parents were devastated when he was diagnosed with the genetic illness.
They created the list in an effort to avoid wallowing in the sadness of the shocking situation.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old will be on the move again this summer.
Richards joined Fiorentina on loan after being frozen out at City.
Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are interested.
Putin said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services.
He raised issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway.
The Gunners star stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch.
England held on in the final moments to secure the draw and, with it, a place in this summer's finals in Israel.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender.
The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy.
Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens, said Max Disposti, the group's executive director.
Jonathan Trott returned to the international scene after 18 months out.
Alastair Cook believes the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker'
The pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies.
Leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life.
He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival, but decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
The festival organiser said he was 'absolutely obsessed, tremendously intrigued' by Tasmania, but continued to blast Tasmanian's for wanting to 'dig it up, chop it down, sell it to the Chinese'
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30.
This increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer.
Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism and schizophrenia.
Firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset.
Firefighters had to contend with a 400 yard wide wall of flames that moved at dangerous speeds.
Three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed.
Sri Lanka, with its shimmering sandy beaches, enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations, is high on lists of places to visit in 2015.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday.
For this impressive feat, Sam gets bragging rights and an amazing sense of accomplishment.
But not the actual grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the Maui Jim Maui Invitational college basketball tournament in Hawaii this November.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr.
The boxer wrote and directed the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino'
The 80s style music video includes a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out.
Everton face Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez says the Clarets have a fearlessness similar to his Wigan side.
The Spaniard says Sean Dyche's clear plan will help Burnley survive.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, Queen of Heart themed bunk beds and elaborate mirrors.
Jacqueline Martin, 37, sourced the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest, finding trinkets in junk sales, or getting her family to help make bespoke items.
Ukip's education spokesman Paul Nuttall appeared in the party's manifesto.
He was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and Reformers’
The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
Ukip deputy leader later joked: ‘I just have two copies of every book’
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow.
They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression.
Britain and 11 other Nato countries set to contribute to the naval exercise.
Bobby Zamora scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom.
Charlie Austin headed the visitors' second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute.
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for the hosts with a 25-yard strike from 25 yards.
Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench.
Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indiana on Monday.
World No 5 was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt.
The pair were in the stands during the NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.
Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice.
The problem is partly caused by immune system ‘B-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred.
First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed.
Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
Thirty-five people were standing outside and some were crying. The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation, which rents out the church space.
MPs highlighted irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep weight as low as possible.
'Pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pounded Sydney's east and west on ANZAC Day.
The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone.
This type of storm has always occurred in Australia, passing through every few years, however changes to the frequency and intensity are possible due to climate change.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday.
Roeder and former Hull chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League.
The off-field team has been put in place by the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to 'strongly disagree'
The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
The test is designed to 'help McDonald's understand the position in our team that suits you best', the fast food giant said.
Daily Mail Australia has been told that applicants can easily fail the test.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours per year.
The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Deborah Kane, 46, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago.
She had a nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain.
The teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15.
Debbie also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez was courted by a number of clubs last summer.
Arsene Wenger is delighted that Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool.
Sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season for Arsenal.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month.
Those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Michael Vaughan has already held talks with ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14.
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, shutting down production at the sprawling manufacturing center that employs thousands.
The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze.
There were no known injuries in the fire, which is thought to have started around 7am Friday morning.
Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire.
A man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle, shattering window.
He then hurled abuse at the young woman, before smashing bottle against her car.
Glass shattered all over her, leaving her with deep cuts to her face, neck and shoulders.
The glass bottle even became embedded in her neck and she had to have surgery.
Her family has now released shocking photos which show the extent of her injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.
The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia.
Investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff, which overshadows the Lac de Flaine.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack.
The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri.
The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Nasri to leave.
Toure will be made available before his value in the market dwindles.
Bailey Murrill had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days.
She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for.
Her favorite nurse came on shift and decided to surprise her.
Bailey got up and stood on her own for the first time and hugged her.
The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday.
The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
Brazilian Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty on Monday night.
The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.
A woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms.
She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east.
The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm.
Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after suffering damage from the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews expected to work through the night.
Olivier Giroud admits he gets 'p*****' with people talking about his latest hairstyle rather than his ability on the pitch for Arsenal.
Giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about Arsene Wenger praising his animal instincts in Arsenal's attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with Chelsea.
The Arsenal forward has scored 18 goals this season.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over.
The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
Palace face Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January.
But the fast-casual chain still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat.
Chipotle only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones.
Video posted to Facebook has been watched more than 3.5million times.
In the video the girl is seen sucking on to the tube of tortilla chips.
She then removes the tube to reveal her new pout... made of crisps.
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend.
It encourages teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or glasses.
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns.
Uber has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers.
Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December.
This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.
One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride.
After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning wearing a white and blue dress.
She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of believing embattled MP Billy Gordon was 'a little black puppet on a string'
Mr Katter said the Government believes Mr Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past.
The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with some users questioning his terminology.
JB Holmes won the Houston Open after two play-off holes.
Holmes started the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard.
Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways.
He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company.
The former QPR chairman has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Paladini's ambitions to return to football are well documented.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to Manchester City about the midfielder's future.
Toure's days at the Etihad Stadium may be numbered, with City prepared to listen to offers for the 31-year-old.
The Ivory Coast international earns more than £1m a month at City.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, had gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago.
Father-of-three from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost a whopping 16st.
The surgery caused his stomach to shrink to the size of a tennis ball.
The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller.
In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.
The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone.
Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the quarter-final of the Champions League.
Edinson Cavani has been suspended for the last 16 of the competition.
Cavani has scored six goals in eight Champions League appearances this season.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Tryster beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie Appleby.
The four-year-old had earlier been successful with Pretend and Four Seasons.
Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from the Winter Derby winner.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words.
The program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
Mr Zahor said he hoped the app would ensure others do not suffer the same fate as he did.
Community Technology Alliance giving away free Google handsets.
They come loaded with apps that help homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather.
The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
Holly Leonard found advert on Craigslist using a Nexus 5 phone she was given.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team.
The Arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996.
Wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on the morning of the match.
Trackside TV presntor Adian Rodley has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $2 million Australian Derby.
The race expert can be seen growing increasingly jubilant about the race as the horse draws near to the finishing line.
‘Cmon Opie’ he screams hysterically.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'
The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009.
It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, source said.
Further delays to inquiry will fuel claims those criticised over war are trying to bury bad news.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess.
Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday as Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
Wenger has branded rumours that he will be replaced by Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page, showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with large red chillies.
According to several commenters on the post, the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney.
It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.
Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
Andrea Yates was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility.
Russell 'Rusty' Yates has since remarried and has a five-year-old son.
He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness'
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday.
Trott was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-2 in the Miami Open final.
The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after beating John Isner.
Murray's former coach Dani Valverdu and trainer Jez Green switched camps.
Experts believe Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - a decade before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean.
The cabin's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners.
It was made a historic landmark in 1991 and moved to a storage facility in 2008 to protect it from further erosion.
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
Ambulance crews in London had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the Metropolitan Police said they had made 77 arrests.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Sunday.
The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against the Reds.
Grealish wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
Detlef Guenzel, 57, killed Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz in 2013.
He cut his victim into small pieces and buried them in his garden.
Prosecutors had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the father of three.
Mahendra Bavishi, 69, said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business.
He said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
Mr Bavishi is a joint director of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd with eldest son Manish, who lives in Kenton, north-west London.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday.
McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Crabbie’s Grand National.
The Irishman will be praying he doesn’t win Saturday's race.
Gordon Elliott has booked Paul Carberry to ride Cause of Causes.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry.
It is thought the men boarded the truck in Belgium before crossing the channel.
Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade.
He has faced Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez.
But it's been a tough road to the top for the 36-year-old from being born into poverty in the Philippines.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
The claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet during the 2010 campaign.
Mr Abbas started court proceedings against London Bangla’s editor, Shah Yousuf.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997.
The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma.
Her husband, Nigel, said his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima.
The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens.
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God.
He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree.
Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon.
Flakka, a designer drug stronger than crystal meth, can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.
Real Madrid travel to Vicente Calderon for Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from with Gareth Bale set to return to the first team after missing Real's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week.
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski.
Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21, after his car was found abandoned.
The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station.
His parents, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a vacation home in the area since 1999.
They said they were relieved his body had been found and had mourned him since the day he was reported missing.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court.
He was told he faces jail after conning a bank into giving him the money for it.
The married father-of-two splashed out almost £1million to complete the six- bedroomed eco house in Cwm Dyserth, near St Asaph, North Wales.
Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother's eyes.
She was raped and murdered by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38, on April 15.
His murder sparked a national outpouring of grief in France.
Mourners gathered at St Peter's in northern France today for the ceremony.
Huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church.
Kadeem Brown, 25, was hit by a taxi in the Bronx on Friday evening.
He slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop.
His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark, 5, who was waiting for the bus.
Police say Emilo Garcia, 44, suffered a seizure moments before the crash.
Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been charged.
Synesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the Fisher-Price set can exceed 15 per cent.
Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's semi-final win over Celtic.
The defender also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara.
The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Steven Gerrard is set to start in the middle of midfield for the Reds.
The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving a three-match ban for seeing red against Manchester United last month.
Gerrard last lifted FA Cup at Wembley in 2006, when Liverpool beat West Ham on penalties.
Authorities in Florida have released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men.
The brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach.
So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a woman.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama,
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance on the A47.
She followed in the footsteps of her first son Reuben, two, who was delivered in the same way.
The mother-of-two said: 'I can't believe it's happened twice!'
David Cameron will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on same side'
He will show SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of Commons.
SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the Ballon d'Or.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has sided with Arsene Wenger.
Mourinho believes the award should be scrapped.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday.
Frank McLintock says Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear.
McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey.
Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York.
UFC 187 fight next month between Chris Weidman and Vitor Belfort.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013.
Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog.
He today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at Isleworth Crown Court.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her.
The architect had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged.
Study uncovered link between belief in God and societal characteristics.
Scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
UK is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a new survey.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf.
Iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015.
It is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC.
Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to a leading research body.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years.
The dolphins come to the Hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks, travelling in large groups and forming ‘super-pods’
The species, which are smaller than the area’s resident bottlenose dolphins, often approach boats and play in the wake.
Climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley in Smethwick, West Midlands.
CCTV footage shows the moment she was mugged by the schoolboy.
Kurti was filmed stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint.
He was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life.
His co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery.
Hundreds of 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday for the nation's first ever PrepperCon.
They were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights.
Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who acted as judge in food cook-off.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped scales at 20st 4lb.
She wore dress size 26 when she was on family day out with daughters.
Fairground worker told her: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt'
Denise joined Weightwaters and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.
The couple now have a gorgeous, wood-lined home in a lot surrounded by trees and a babbling brook.
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.
Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion, a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes.
The couple, who describe their new pets as inseparable, decided to 'wed' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save
Sergio Canavero says he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union.
Says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first ever human head transplant.
Claims the country which hosts the operation will be a 'world leader' like the US when it put a man on the Moon.
But critics say Dr Canavero's plans are a fantasy.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
But upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across Grangetown suburb.
They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life.
Crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
Some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions.
The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD.
The 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft (four metres)
All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria.
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker at Stansted Airport.
Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack.
Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
Mrs Badland was found guilty of racially aggravated harassment.
Ella Henderson has been announced as the face of dry shampoo brand Batiste.
The 19-year-old singer is the official face of the brand's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign.
This will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the brand.
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex.
Girl suffered single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident.
Police are hunting owner of 'Staffy-type' dog after incident.
Road rage victim Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred.
Two children, 13 and nine years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by.
Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
She said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest.
Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph, a court heard today.
Prosecutors allege Walters deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse.
Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
Stacey Eden stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train.
The 23-year-old Sydney resident's furious stand against racism has spread around the world.
Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning.
Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
The former West Coast Eagles captain has been charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
Cousins, 36, has a history of substance abuse.
Petition calling for Protein World advert to be pulled has 45,000 signatures.
The advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners.
Katie Hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to make their 100th appearances this weekend.
Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in 2012.
Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Eritrean refugees Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, made perilous journey across the Mediterranean to escape beheading from ISIS fanatics.
They arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from Libya.
Haber said his friends had been shot dead by armed ISIS terrorists who patrol the anarchy-ridden towns and beaches of the North African state.
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court on Thursday.
Patrick Lyttle was left in a coma for six days after the January 3 incident.
Barry could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped.
He could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing.
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit.
35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system'
The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
The chest cushion supports the passenger's chest in a natural, forward-leaning motion.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia.
It is traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines.
Jordan Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke.
Spieth carded a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.
The American leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird.
His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
On Friday, he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty.
Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure this summer.
The Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million)
Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned as International Cricket Council president.
The Bangladeshi politician was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh's World Cup quarter-final defeat to India.
Kamal's remarks were described as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s.
But it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls and flaking plaster.
Preservationists are arguing that the building should be turned into a museum and housing.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the Commons.
Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the House of Commons than the Tories.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City.
He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video, which was recorded last month.
Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack.
The 55-year-old said receiving the warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life.
He said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce and the death of his mother Shirley.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans.
Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Graziano Pelle was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce.
The Hull City manager could not believe the Southampton striker remained on the field.
Pelle went on to score his first Premier League goal since December 20.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty.
The 29-year-old failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship.
Doherty led the calls for Evans to be handed another chance on the main tour.
Archbishop of Canterbury yesterday called on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists.
Most Reverend Justin Welby said the dead were ‘martyrs’
He told his congregation that the killing of Christians over the past year had been a ‘wicked’ development.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home in Atlanta, Georgia after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
In a series of images, she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be while refusing to accept the woman she has become.
The images were captured throughout the house including the living room, at her family's kitchen table, in a bathroom and in bedrooms.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury.
Footage shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards after the game.
Spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff.
The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.
The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Lib Dem leader says Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal 'truly odious' views.
Mr Clegg says Farage is 'lashing around, thrashing around and lurching from one odious gaffe to the next'
Warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling 'happily hapless Conservative leadership' which is losing all grip on the party.
Philipp Lahm spoke to Owen Hargreaves as part of a special documentary on Bayern Munich.
Lahm has won six Bundesliga titles and the Champions League.
The 31-year-old is currently gearing up to take on Porto in the quarter-final.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance.
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.
An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes.
Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned.
Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and married again in 2013.
First wife Michelle, 39, uncovered deception when she saw ice bucket challenge.
She said he had been put in witness protection and had to live in'safe house'
O'Courier then turned up at birth of his daughter and cut umbilical cord.
He then left their rented flat in Ealing, West London to go back to Philippa Campbell.
But the deception was uncovered last August when Michelle discovered a video of him on Facebook completing the ice bucket charity challenge – where people are
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs.
They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
Group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple.
Then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times.
Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
Window cleaners were working at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre.
The incident took place near the Lujiazui Financial District hundreds of metres below.
Shane Ferguson has been out with a knee ligament injury since joining the club.
The Newcastle United winger has been on loan at Ibrox since January.
Stuart McCall is confident Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers' play-off bid.
Shoshana Hebshi, of Sylvania, Ohio, was traveling home after visiting a sister in California when she was removed from the Frontier Airlines flight after it landed Sept. 11, 2011.
She was seated next to two Indian-American men, whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane's bathroom.
All three were detained, according to the ACLU.
Hebshi was held for hours before being released. The two men also were released.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian.
Coroner Clayton Cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test.
Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud.
The players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday.
He has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts.
Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east.
Mr Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations.
The ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win.
Durst, 72, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case, remains jailed without bond in Louisiana.
John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday.
The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014.
The Marion County prosecutor's office filed the request on Monday, for life without the chance of parole.
Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of Daniel Morcombe in 2014.
He received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the 13-year-old's body in 2003.
Cowan's lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal.
Cowell's barrister, Peter Davis, said Mr Carmody had met with Bravehearts founder Hetty Johnson shared an email, in which she referred to him as 'Tim' and included a smiley face.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at this summer's tournament.
But Kenny Dalglish says he should not go to the Under-21s.
Kane showed against Italy that he can cope with playing against some of the world's best defenders.
The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'
Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a Chinese social media platform.
Some have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open.
Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness.
The 21-year-old shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina.
Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.
She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
The man who gave her the ride home that day was never found.
Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
Several punches were thrown and Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
The illicit drugs were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic.
Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC.
BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of Top Gear.
But the corporation and presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows.
The shows have been rebranded from Top Gear Live to Clarkson, Hammond and May Live.
Real Madrid could play in a grey and yellow away kit next year.
The away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
FIFA Club World Cup badge will be in the centre of the kit.
Boy, 13, from Medina, Ohio, allegedly stole $25,000 from his grandfather.
He gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house.
The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree.
Some $7,000 of the man's savings has been recovered.
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Former Manchester United midfielder Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.
William and Harry were fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
Swansea City host Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the other fixture on Sunday.
West Bromwich Albion host Leicester City at Stamford Bridge.
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference.
But they are vulnerable against Liverpool and Aston Villa.
The long-term plan is plain: Pep Guardiola will leave in 2016.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was attacked and killed in a hallway at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut on April 25, 2014.
A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder.
The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother.
Martin Montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club's Ciutat Esportiva training ground.
The ball sails high in the air seemingly in the direction of no one while players look on.
Luis Enrique's side moved another step closer on Wednesday evening following a 4-0 hammering of Almeria.
Second-placed Real Madrid played later in the evening to move back within four points of their great rivals with a 2-0 defeat of Rayo Vallecano.
Cressida Bonas, 26, has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador.
Model and actress, from Clerkenwell, London, models spring/summer 2015 collection.
Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida, an accomplished dancer, shows off her moves.
She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner.
Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
Almost half of all people who have visited 99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are middle class and among the country's highest earners.
Of those 53% are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year, a significant increase from the 37% figure a year ago.
News comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl, dubbed the 'Lidl class'
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain during Ecuador's 1-0 defeat by Mexico on Saturday.
Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks.
Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansea.
Ukip source revealed party had initially planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis.
But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead.
Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Ryan Bertrand has been one of the standout performers for Southampton.
The left-back moved permanently from Chelsea in January.
Bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
The Championship's Player of the Year is on loan from Chelsea.
Bamford says he wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force.
Captain Wales, as he is known in the British Army, will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises.
Harry will also time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory, and the army's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment.
If he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives.
At lunchtime, he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi.
Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation'
A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, died of a heart attack.
Several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack, including his ex-colleagues and accountant.
Jesse O'Brien, 6, has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis.
His mother Heidi, 37, took the video to encourage him to take them.
The video has gone viral with no sign of global interest waning.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness and encourages 'connection, vitality and wellness'
The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible.
There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
She ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day.
The mother-of-one maintained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet.
Yulia moved to the Indonesian island of Bali in 2009 with husband Paul, 41, to set up a healthy life-coaching business.
Toulon scored the crucial points while Bryan Habana was off the field.
Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
The match is an all-French repeat of the 2013 Heineken Cup Final in Dublin.
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu, Hawaii, Friday afternoon.
Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered the woman unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka.
The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Maria Sharapova was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber.
The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.
World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
Nico Rosberg has claimed Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him.
The German claimed he shot himself in the foot following his outburst.
Rosberg won the Chinese Grand Prix but came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories.
Just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9% under the current Coalition.
Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne.
Investors - including millions of workers saving for a pension - fare better under Conservatives.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning.
She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge.
Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river.
Following days of searches, a body was recovered on Wednesday.
The medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report by NBC affiliate 11Alive.
This news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
Bobby shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that 'Bobbi is awake,' during a Dallas concert last Saturday.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.
It uses a process known as 'natural language generation'
Using Met Office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating reports.
If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Currently, the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists.
Each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country, such as London and South East England, but there are more than 20,000
Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday, at a moment when only Sen. Ted Cruz is already in the race.
The issue that made him a national figure two years ago – domestic snooping by the National Security Agency – is no longer on America's front-burner.
Paul will launch his campaign Tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream'
An aide to a member of the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives laughed that line off on Monday.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season.
The 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods.
The 33-year-old will face no further action after being interviewed.
Dossena signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year.
He has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments'
He is accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda.
Rezaian's lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences on Monday.
Iran's Foreign Minister said the allegations against her client 'had no link' with the nuclear talks.
Tony Hunt, 42, from Normanton, Derby, is demanding an apology from police.
A neighbour reported his daughter's cat Harry had been hit by a patrol car.
Instead of explaining what had happened, officers asked for a black bin bag.
Witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'
Mr Hunt spent two days putting up 'lost cat' posters in his area.
But when he contacted police, officers coldly told him he had been 'disposed of'
The incident is now being investigated by Derbyshire Police
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Pablo Zabaleta admits his side are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
City are currently eight points behind leaders Chelsea at the top.
Alex Perry has pulled out of presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event.
Perry is taking a break from the runway to focus on international ventures, with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market.
Nicola Sturgeon said independence vote was 'once in a generation thing' two years ago.
But last night, she said she respected last year's result and would not call for another plebiscite.
She said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she can influence Labour policies and keep it 'honest'
But Labour leader Jim Murphy said: 'Nicola, we don't need your help'
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested in Swansea yesterday morning.
He was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm.
It comes after Westbrook, 41, made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her.
The pair split in November after spending months together in California.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.
Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000.
It prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body.
Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class.
She immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed.
Coleen Rooney and Nadine Coyle have joined forces with Race For Life.
The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover.
They hope the shots will encourage women to join the female-only event.
Naturalists In Paradise tells the story of a trio of young British explorers.
Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce were all classic examples of Victorian self-improvement.
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch.
The ECB chairman confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth during the dinner.
Clarke had been granted a two-page platform in last year’s almanack to explain his ICC strategy.
Sky Sports have refused to allow their pundit Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title.
Paul McGowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order.
The 27-year-old will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic.
McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
As a St Mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down as he went to work in Guatemala City.
Two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver.
Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'El Travieso' or 'The Naughty One'
Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, was also arrested for the attack.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans.
The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd the popstar had made her money'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution'
The Only Way is Essex star Joey Essex was attending the event ahead of interviewing all the party leaders for a TV special.
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion.
She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers.
Ms Fernando said people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves.
Sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line.
Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women, while Jimmy Savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
A collection of 25 letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000.
During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York.
Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas.
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Smiling and enjoying the fresh air, he seemed to be in better spirits.
Tyler Walker scored his first goal for Nottingham Forest against Brentford.
The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
He has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table.
Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly.
The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals.
The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule.
She will be part of the Russian team facing Germany on April 18-19.
Small plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island today.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed when plane crashed.
Plane was en route to Samana Peninsula off north coast with six passengers.
Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two from Britain.
The pilot was from the Dominican Republic and the bodies have yet to be identified.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband Andrew.
He explained away his long absences with web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud.
It was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on Facebook that the awful truth emerged.
O’Clee married second wife Philippa in August 2013 at St John the Baptist church in Kirdford, West Sussex.
President Milos Zeman criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro.
Ambassador was due to attend annual Victory Day parade in Moscow.
President Zeman has banned Ambassador from Prague Castle.
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for Barcelona.
Suarez has scored six from six in the Champions League.
The Uruguayan forward is starting to look like £75million very well spent.
Barcelona are now within two games of the Berlin final on June 6.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe.
Under the proposals, unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months.
For those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the UK for four years.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work.
She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Scientists at Newcastle University found that girls really do mature faster than boys.
Robert O'Neill will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
Guests were contacted by the right-leaning For America non-profit and told to write back by May 10 for a chance to open fire alongside him.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever.
He received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.
The wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia.
Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration.
Tinside Lido underwent a £3.3 million restoration in 2003 and has been voted one of Europe's top 10 pools.
Stonehaven Open Air Pool in Aberdeen holds midnight swimming sessions while listening to music.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his hunger.
The Italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
Ferrero said Balota should be put on a diet of bread and water.
Joanna Flynn, 50, charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off patient's life support without permission.
Former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, Canada, also charged with criminal negligence causing death.
Flynn will appear in court again on May 29.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.
When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up.
Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Co looked in a relaxed mood as they trained.
Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates Sergio Ramos, Isco and Nacho as the Madrid stars play-fought.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School is an 'exemplary school' in Hebei Province, central China.
Two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in March.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the toughest job in football.
The Hammers have lost six of their last eight Premier League games.
UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after they failed to comply with the new FFP rules.
Device uses powerful cameras available on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
When added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads bind to any cancerous cell in the sample, changing the way light passes through it.
Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes.
The scientists behind the device, based at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, say it can even return results within two minutes.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948.
A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable.
The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret
Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone.
There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six.
Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in?
Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester on the final day?
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at top of Serie A.
Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Lazio kept the heat Roma, though, by clinching a seventh consecutive league win, 3-1 at 10-man Cagliari.
The girl was attacked in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia.
She was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked.
The circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the incident.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer.
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012.
Monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples.
She underwent surgery and radiation treatment in December.
When a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body, Ms Fox rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan.
Ms Fox said she is applying to obtain all her relevant medical records, which will take 45 to 60 days to obtain.
Marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, Tennessee, was kidnapped and held hostage by her ex-boyfriend when she was in her early 20s.
The mother-of-three was unable to get out of bed and had to rely on her three daughters to take care of her.
After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, she finally stood up for the first time in years on the season finale of My 600lb Life.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at televised leaders’ debate.
He attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in UK.
Ed Miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’ and Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form'
Ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had ‘overwhelming support’ of British public.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Franz Beckenbauer criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots' before turning on the entire team.
The German legend was speaking in New York as part of Bayern Munich's new media agreement with MSN.
Prime Minister hails the work of the Church and condemns persecution of Christians.
Comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter.
Archbishop of Canterbury has condemned certain welfare reforms.
Mr Cameron said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays'
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men.
Several high-powered women, including women's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton, have re-tweeted the results of the search.
Anna and Indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs.
The four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable.
They have been surfing since they were just 10 weeks old.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
The Italian striker came on as a second-half substitute against Newcastle.
Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex.
They flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water.
Stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet.
Nikola Karabatic and his brother Luka were banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club lost to a struggling team.
Karabatic's lawyer Michael Corbier told Sportsmail on Wednesday the trial will likely take place within months.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-6 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
The Serbian is likely to face Andy Murray in the final should he beat John Isner.
Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they both came through their semis on Thursday.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin.
He shot Rekia Boyd, 22, in the back of the head in March 2012.
Moments before verdict, he asked loved ones to leave the courtroom.
Victim's brother screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting.
This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan.
Hinckley currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look.
Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea.
Twiggy, 65, shows off age-defying looks in new campaign for M&S.
Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on catwalks this season.
New designs include a chic denim jacket, floral and feminine print dress.
Marco Rubio told Face the Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference.
But he insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol.
She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid it in a suitcase.
The body lay undiscovered for three days before being found by paramedics.
Martins was convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend.
The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done, but he claims they're unwilling to help.
Spanish expert Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos has found LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness.
Modern LED screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
This matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort.
The average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic Ocean.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Soon after the launch, billionaire SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
This lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
Its latest marketing campaign has been designed to showcase just how good the cameras are on its iPhone 6 range.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters.
The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago.
But he has had the last laugh, after he jumped on revelations the TV reporter's boyfriend, Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll, was busted in Las Vegas last week.
Stoll was accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or'molly', into the MGM Grand hotel.
Unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by would-be rapist in Shandong, China.
She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet.
The attacker tried to grab her - but she used her self-defence skills to overpower him.
CCTV images show how she pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with messages.
He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down.
When she refused to pay, he set up fake escort website profile on Facebook.
Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February.
Was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Stanford University study examined reaction of teachers to student race.
Teachers were more likely to view youngsters who thought were black as troublemakers.
In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory.
Now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory 70 years after leaving her position.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast.
The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
Christopher Bailey celebrated the launch of his new Beverley Hills flagship.
Over 700 guests attended the event at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles.
The event also marks the launch  of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive.
Bailey has made Burberry one of the most influential labels in the world.
Blast at Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province, on Monday night.
Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16.
She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, Syria.
Now, she has shared a picture of her enjoying a takeaway dinner.
It shows a huge Western-style takeaway, including fried chicken and chips.
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during West Ham's 1-1 draw against Stoke.
The 25-year-old striker has scored 12 goals this season.
Sam Allardyce's current deal expires at the end of the season.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in Admiralty Arch.
They unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all' and 'better squat than let homes rot'
They mounted arch which joins Trafalgar Square with Mall and called for others to join them.
It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent.
The League Two side lost 3-0 to Oxford on Saturday afternoon.
Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference.
Sam Smith, 22, has lost three stone since hitting the big time last year.
Singer is the star of Vogue.co.uk's Today I'm Wearing.
Has been posting pictures of his nutritious meals to Instagram.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July.
It is one of three games Jose Mourinho's side will feature in across the pond.
Chelsea are 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury.
The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
McEnroe told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings during Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool on Sunday night.
The midfielder could've seen a straight red after he caught Lucas on the ankle.
Newcastle boss John Carver refused to make excuses for his captain.
Carver did see reason for optimism, feeling that his side's performance was much improved from their derby loss to Sunderland last time out.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and Mary Nunes, now 19, fled New Hampshire in 2004.
They fled after Mark Nunes, Mary's biological father, was granted custody.
Genevieve Kelley, then 50, refused to hand her daughter over to Mr Nunes.
She took the girl to Colorado, then boarded a flight to South America.
The Kelleys were not seen again for a decade until this week.
Kelley was arrested at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport on Monday.
He is now facing a charge of custodial interference, the same charge his wife faces.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire.
Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C.
Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his support in the event of an alien invasion at a peace summit in Geneva in the 1980s.
Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students.
His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them.
The warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women.
Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
The other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame.
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years.
The French photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York.
She found the angle at which she could watch them to be one that should be photographed.
Attorneys for 42-year-old David Serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that Serbeck's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship to his shooting.
Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood.
In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison.
His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Los Angeles on May 2.
The Filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness.
It is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in Las Vegas.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott's body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation.
The accused killer's mother asked the mayor to pass on her condolences to Ms Scott's devastated family and fiance Mr Leeson-Woodley.
A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW's central west.
President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback.
Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with Manchester United.
Argentine forward has hailed Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby.
Aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the Premier League crown.
Sir Alex Ferguson has tipped Neymar to challenge Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo for the title of world's best player.
The former Manchester United boss insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment.
Ferguson also backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday.
Mark Hughes is keen to keep Bosnian goalkeeper Asmir Begovic at the club.
The 27-year-old has attracted interest from several top clubs.
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for Birmingham City in the 27th minute.
Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Birmingham City manager Gary Rowett was left fuming on the sidelines.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.
Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The 34-year-old took to social media to hunt for the owner of the gold jewellery.
She met with the owners in Noosa on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching.
Ms Walsh credits the international Facebook shares for the finding of the ring's owner.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.
She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to her son's cremation.
As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland.
Hackney denies making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains.
Susan Monica, 66, a pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford.
She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
George North suffered his third concussion in four months against Wasps.
The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April.
North could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action.
Andrés Iniesta has listed his 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard on Airbnb.
The Spanish midfielder has listed the property for €125 (£90) a night.
There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property.
Other facilities include a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18.
Frampton and his people will decide if they really want it.
Josh Warrington is in action in Leeds this weekend.
The unbeaten Leeds featherweight is up against Dennis Tubieron for the vacant WBC international title.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station, Essex.
The friends had been using the station’s unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to Cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport.
An inquest returned verdicts of accidental death – but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner.
Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
Throughout Davion's search for a family, and his years in the system, Connie Bell Going had been by his side - and on Wednesday she officially became his mother.
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year.
It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney.
He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states.
Sean Crawford is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art.
He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.
Mr Crawford said he’s been influenced by Gothic Revival architecture and literature that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together.
His three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore.
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document.
But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims.
The biblical character, or ‘Yoda’ made his appearance in a collection of papal letters and church decrees in the precious volume.
It also includes a bizarre image of a rabbit shooting a leaping dog with a bow and arrow.
Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer.
Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking.
Julie Robert, a cultural studies professor at the University of Technology Sydney, said it was 'problematic'
She said it set up a culture that drinking isn't about socialising with friends, it's about how quickly and how much you can drink.
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson and his wife Lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage as they continue talks on a settlement.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided.
Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed.
Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013.
She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach.
Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in her.
A review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.
The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments.
Mother-of-two has called on NHS England to reverse their decision.
Petr Cech posted a video via his YouTube channel, playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2.
Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order this season.
The 32-year-old is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders.
They called for a Labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life'
But within hours plan was in chaos as it was found signatories included benefit fraudster, trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013.
Philip Gardner, director of Michigan State University's Collegiate Employment Research Institute, said engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market.
Jose Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Mourinho has been criticised for hounding match officials this season.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the National Lottery.
The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the windfall.
Mr Maxwell plans to retire and play bowls while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
QPR are just a point behind 17th-placed Sunderland.
Political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke.
Lib Dems have created their own 18th birthday cards.
SNP picnic blanket is the ideal way to showcase your political opinion.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite.
Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
Layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has nearly 70,000 followers on Instagram.
The 27-year-old is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia.
Her feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds.
McGregor is just trying to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight.
The Irishman showed off his BMW 640i M Sport convertible on his latest Instagram post.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on Kevin Pietersen return.
Former England captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career.
Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.
He is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
But the five-year-old amazed mother Sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's defeat by Gloucester.
The 34-year-old was led away by police in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in Cardiff in March.
Muliaina has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers.
Barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season.
Rakitic has been instrumental for Luis Enrique's side since signing from Sevilla.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared information with an alleged Chinese spy.
Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars' to provide information on U.S. persons and a government employee.
Despite these claims however, she was never prosecuted by the government.
As for the alleged spy she spoke to, their names was 'Teacher Zhao,' and the two met numerous times over the years in hotels in China.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for Louis van Gaal's side.
Mata insists his side can take many positives from the game.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test against West Indies.
Durham all-rounder injured himself, then struck immediately when he came on to bowl and became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels.
Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping.
Dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy.
The research was carried out by the Department of Urology in Milan.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK.
More than 40,000 new cases are diagnosed every year.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip.
Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Tim Sherwood's side.
Palermo have not won away from home since November 2.
Roberto Vitiello's side are 11th in the Serie A table.
Udinese are 13th and one point adrift of Palermo.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina.
Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia.
The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange in downtown Philadelphia was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage.
She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997.
Police believe she was killed and reclassified investigation as murder inquiry.
But the 37-year-old's body has never been found and the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation.
Michael McIndoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts.
The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
McIndoe dated a string of glamour models, including Helena Fletcher and Emma Frain.
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger.
The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm.
An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.
Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people.
The co-pilot had been treated for psychiatric illness.
Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
The left back joined Manchester United for £28million in the summer.
Shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for United this season.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 at the Philips Stadion on Saturday.
Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals to put his side in control.
It is a 22nd league championship for PSV, who are second only to Ajax.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
One of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray, who arrived just before 4.00pm.
The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage.
It was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a Canberra school.
The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class.
Inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world, with spectacular views of the Palaia Monemvasia bay.
Settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012.
Shannon's stable includes Hatton’s brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions.
During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
The zoo keeper uses a flat palm to feed the feline, keeping it distracted with constant treats in the form of raw meat.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)
Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in.
Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles.
The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water.
Two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney.
The models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
This industry first in Australia comes only days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old.
Gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward.
With miles of sea to play in, you can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail.
There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis or whatever.
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer.
The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely.
Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June.
The map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite.
In the map, the areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per year per square kilometre (0.4 square miles) - are shown in bright pink.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight.
They were passengers on the flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld.
The Irish Aviation Authority is investigating the incident.
Ryanair confirmed there were three off-duty staff on board the flight.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at Liverpool.
Torres has scored four goals for Atletico Madrid since leaving the club.
The 31-year-old joined Atletico on loan in January.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak.
Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
Even having sex with a condom does not protect someone from the highly contagious virus that only needs skin to skin contact to spread.
Charlotte Blakeway was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire.
The 17-year-old had been studying film, performance, English and sociology.
Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer.
She said: 'She had her whole life in front of her, she was bubbly and happy'
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400.
The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
David Cameron was repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1.
Host Chris Smith was also accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister.
Mr Cameron was asked to rule out a deal with Northern Ireland's DUP.
He insisted he could win a majority, prompting Mr Smith to insist be forced into coalition.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France.
He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG on Saturday.
The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.
Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend.
Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.
She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction.
The interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's killing.
Lloyd refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder.
Nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take.
Adrian Peterson will meet with the NFL this week to discuss his reinstatement.
The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
Peterson is set to earn a base salary of $12.75million from the Vikings.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday night.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University and University of South Australia found link between anxiety and performance.
Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
Principal Michael Ribton, principal at Burlington Danes Academy, says parents should pin their offspring's revision timetable on the fridge and really engage with them.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford.
The clip appears to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2.
Manchester City have worked long and hard to cut out such chants and references.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez opened the scoring in the 43rd minute.
Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression.
Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was sent off shortly before the interval.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Ms Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney, and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed that an autopsy will be carried out this week.
Detectives will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from
Wilford was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road.
He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
The sandy-colored canine has been nursed back to health by a foster family.
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on Monday for hurling a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in New Mexico.
On Thursday, he claims to have hurled another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar.
Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
He was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions.
Between May 16 and July 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there.
Now those who lost loved ones have travelled thousands of miles to bear witness as co-plaintiffs against Groening in what may prove to be the last Nazi trial of its kind in Germany.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees.
He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks.
A jail staff member told the New York Daily
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday.
It's claimed they were on their way to join the Islamic State.
The two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey.
Australia has agreed to expand its intelligence sharing with Turkish counterterrorism agencies.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly.
Alvarado allegedly became enraged that the boy urinated on him during a diaper change.
He allegedly admitted to the attack on videotape.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy in Turin.
The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.
Townsend has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs.
The robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention.
It literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body.
JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming.
But he did not reveal how it works.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling.
Peter Gardner and Kalynda Davis were apprehended in Guangzhou in 2014 - a crime punishable by death.
Australian citizen Ibrahim Jalloh and his friend Bengali Sherrif were arrested at Guangzhou Airport in July over alleged drug crimes.
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents.
FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s father Mark is acting as his representative.
Danny Welbeck is looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne.
Jack Andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban Maryland.
He was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13.
A close family friend, Uncle Ted, died of pancreatic cancer.
Capybara JoeJoe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram.
Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account.
He lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy.
Australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low.
Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year.
Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale
A mysterious app called None* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses.
There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users guess the answers.
The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text, as well as showing a small keyboard.
It can be completed and has 50 levels, according to people bragging on the App Store that they have completed the None* app.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show.
She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash.
When one of Mr Kyle's lie detector tests revealed that Jamie had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7.
Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in 30s'
But Mr Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the Conservatives or Labour.
He has vowed to set out which of the policies announced in his manifesto would be non-negotiable.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month.
Married father-of-two will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric Islamists.
He has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern Iraq via Jordan.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter, Mandy.
The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Scott Benjamin.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen at their Melwood base.
The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch the players.
Thomas Piermayr has been training with Blackpool this week.
The 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Piermayr had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'
He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register.
The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her.
But now the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein.
But judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein should be'struck from the record'
He issued an order that the 'lurid' and 'unnecessary' claims should not be involved in the Epstein case.
At least six men were arrested in California and Minnesota by the FBI on Sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths who traveled or tried to travel to Syria to join ISIS.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety.
The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York in November.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year.
A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
Secretary of the Immigration Department Michael Pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the Australian National University on Tuesday night.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
Footage was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Beckenbauer believes Klopp would be the perfect fit for Bayern Munich.
The 47-year-old won two Bundesliga titles in seven seasons with Dortmund.
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean.
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should replace Arsene Wenger with Jurgen Klopp.
Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Morgan has long been a critic of Wenger and believes Klopp would do a better job.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook.
‘Stop and think – if every mother posted all that cr*p about their kid – I’m sure you’d get over it pretty quickly,' the note reads.
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano, who posted it to her Facebook page and described it as
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah.
He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy.
Mr Miah blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View.
The 41-year-old former intern recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines.
Lewinsky recently talked about 'The Price of Fame' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear.
His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn'
Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament.
The Georgian was found using his phone in the middle of a match.
Nigalidze's opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates.
England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill.
Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York.
Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications.
They hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage.
Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
Warburton's impressive record at west London rivals Brentford has made him a leading contender alongside Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs.
Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to familiarise himself with the city.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead in New Haven, Connecticut on Sunday.
He was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials informed him he could no longer pitch for his team.
The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told he had to sit or switch positions.
When his manager sent him out to the mound anyway after the ban, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured.
Sunday's murder was the city's fourth homicide
Prime Minister will today pledge he will offer public £4 billion of Lloyds shares.
Investors will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of shares worth 78.7p.
Shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate.
The proceeds will help pay down the national debt.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace yesterday morning.
She collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster.
The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
Ms Gemmill was the fifth cyclist killed on London's road this year.
Pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch.
Housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’
There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property.
Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood.
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought Audley Street garage in Mayfair for £155million in 2011.
New apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats.
But it could face trouble getting planning permission - as VIP neighbours may object to the building works.
Star Wars director has unveiled plans to build affordable housing complex.
The complex would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex in 2012.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant.
She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt.
The boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and he was taken to PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center in Vancouver.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week.
The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the Mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of LA's busiest freeways.
Nicolas posted to his Facebook page: 'All in Red today for my last day in LA, chillin & relaxing ahead of an exciting year!'
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri, South Wales, fell down stairs.
Wore heavy white cast under her dress and sat down to say her vows.
Was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit down to take vows.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County.
Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons at the club.
Bent has praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.
Kurt Cobain, John Lennon, Freddie Mercury and Eddie Van Halen all shine through.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of car.
Just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect hole.
But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
Coroner previously ruled that the condition of the road was 'the cause of the incident'
Cultural historian at Syracuse University, London, Chris Cook, said whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades.
A YouGov poll commissioned by the newspaper confirmed the trend illustrating that 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling.
Half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Brom if a deal is not in place by July.
Peace owns 77 per cent of the club and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
Aston Villa are already in talks with potential buyers.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car proves a dud.
Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the Silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace.
The additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence.
The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
Roberto Carlos is targeting becoming the manager of Brazil.
The 42-year-old won the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea.
Carlos has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row, nosing through overturned receptacles.
Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Awel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles.
The five-year-old believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water.
Their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday.
She was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
The Australian airline slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport.
Frustrated listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
They branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’
BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
Tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites.
They even found that different wines match different pizza toppings.
Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni.
Ulster confirmed the audacious signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau.
The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast.
About $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota sometime between April 1 and April 7.
The Semen, stolen from Daniel Weness's farm, was taken from an unlocked barn.
A $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each.
Police have no suspects.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine aggressiveness.
After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.
Women can be told within days whether they have high or low risk of disease returning.
For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while.
The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year.
The entire back four started the season as Blues players, with centre-back pairing John Terry and Gary Cahill joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand.
Eden Hazard was in midfield along with club colleague Nemanja Matic, Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez.
Arsenal beat Stoke City 4-1 in the U21 Premier League on Tuesday night.
Alex Iwobi scored a hat-trick for the Gunners at the Emirates Stadium.
Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby both recovered from ankle and calf injuries.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show.
Online she is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel.
The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford.
The Red Devils lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at Augusta.
The 39-year-old drilled his club into a tree root on the follow through.
Woods managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night.
The talented student was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week.
Friends today left flowers at the scene and said she was'much-loved'
A 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody today.
Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child.
The 26-year-old has revealed being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far.
Rebecca has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy.
Pensioner was travelling in First Class on the Boeing 777-300 jet.
She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing.
The flight crew alerted the pilot, who put a call in to the Irish Aviation Authority’s North Atlantic Communications Service centre at Ballygirreen in Co Clare.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
Jimmy White will take on fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, wrote on her blog that she took some time off work to spend with her children.
But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering.
The Sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes ‘working mum guilt’
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night.
The footage shows a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan, taunting Clarkson as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room.
Clarkson pushes the man and grabs his neck.
It's not known whether the man in the video was a Power supporter as he wasn't wearing any Port Adelaide clothing.
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom.
Great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the city centre.
Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played on ITV by Geraldine McEwan between 2004 and 2007.
Martin Campbell, 28, has now been jailed for three years at Portsmouth Crown Court.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
The reports come as acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft.
Despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc approximately 1800 kilometres southwest of Perth, locals believe they identified red and blue markings, similar to those of the missing plane.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez’s mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict.
The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges.
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds.
60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless'
One in five admit to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in months before tragedy.
She and son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in March 2013.
Had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors.
Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family.
After visiting a psychiatrist in November Zaki was referred to social services, although the case was not reviewed.
Mario Ambarita, 21, climbed into wheel housing of Garuda Indonesia flight.
Plane took off from main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta.
The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was 'looking for work'
He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of wheel housing at Jakarta's Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side.
Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11.
Michael Vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of England's top order.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur.
Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years.
Burston has now started eight companies, and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island.
She hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men.
They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John.
He lives in the same street where Mohammed Emwazi hung out with fellow jihadists.
Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on London Boys.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge in June 2012.
Party will launch billboard advert using image from 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster.
But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’
It will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to three years ago.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham will say figures are a timely reminder of the ‘NHS crisis’
Officer Daniel Jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend Monique Dirksz.
The 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17, 2015.
Cousins was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth.
Nico Rosberg was furious with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg complained that Hamilton had acted'selfishly' in slowing down.
Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans in Game One.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as the Warriors built a 15-point lead.
Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Mark Lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother.
Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife on September 7 last year.
Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone.
Sarah said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren.
The Briton spent much of the race on Twitter delivering his verdict.
Hamilton secured the 36th win of his career in Bahrain.
Pumpkin seed oil is thought to boost your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms.
The oil can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair.
Gwyneth Paltrow, who uses it in many of her recipes, loves to use it in her recipes.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight title after Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday.
Quillin's unbeaten record remains intact though he threw fewer punches than Lee.
Lee admitted he had been 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight, leading to his knockdown and standing count.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' after botched hysterectomy.
Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock.
NHS is now fighting to overturn payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for organisation.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Labour has predicted that the Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar, and the number of poor students going to university fall.
But, in each case, the opposite has happened – and last night the party's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team.
The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight.
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance.
Fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival.
In the UK supporters can go as in-depth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families.
Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager.
The Italian was manager of Watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012.
Zola was sacked by relegation-threatened Cagliari last month.
Ed Miliband accused of hypocrisy after he claimed Coalition made it harder to get a GP appointment.
He claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the A&E crisis.
Meanwhile it emerged last night that a Labour-supporting GP had circulated a letter claiming that 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Jason Edward Harrington worked with TSA for six years.
Claims staff bend rules to get their hands on passengers and conduct bag checks.
Comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down.
The staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has opened its doors to the public.
Meals include organic sourdough and a dessert of apple and rhubarb crumble with ice cream or creme fraiche.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season for Manchester United.
The 34-year-old says he would love to try his hand at Formula One.
Carrick moved to West Ham aged 15, and says it forced him to grow up fast.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer.
She was on death row for 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood.
Indonesia and human rights groups are furious that Saudi Arabia executed her without notifying the country's officials or her family.
Amnesty International says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The Wales international suffered a calf injury against Malaga.
Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck against Atletico.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez.
David Cameron's party has opened up a four-point lead over Ed Miliband's Labour.
Labour, the Liberal Democrats and Ukip have all slipped in the last fortnight.
The Tory vote share equals their highest since March 2012.
Poll suggests that with less than a fortnight to go, there is all to play for.
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal.
The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Celtic were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant Alan Muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings.
Ronny Deila was angry at the referee's decision to award his side a penalty.
The Scottish champions wilted in extra-time, succumbing to goals from Edward Ofore and David Raven.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields.
The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population.
For instance, heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
That's according to a study that said warmer springs can change the life cycles of bees, which can throw them out of sync with the plants they pollinate.
Sarah Grimes sued the coach's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking.
Saban claimed Grimes attacked her first and she was just defending herself.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday.
But just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium.
Satine burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl.
Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 35th minute.
Tim Sherwood took over at Aston Villa from Emmanuel Adebayor.
Benteke has scored six goals in eight games for the club.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Horse riding event for cancer charity in Northern Ireland apparently used a surprise jump in the shape of a car.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen.
One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle.
A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to carer Nermin Kancefer.
He disinherited surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for 20 years.
Four months later, he died at the age of 87, his family claimed.
But mother-of-one insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out.
Eden Hazard gave Chelsea the lead from the spot against Asmir Begovic.
Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury in the 2-1 win.
Chelsea captain John Terry hailed Hazard as one of the world's best players.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia.
This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears.
Whenever she draws on the skin, her condition means raised red weals appear.
She uploads them to social media and they are making waves across the university.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men.
Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
They took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, was identified, according the police report, and he turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp last year.
She, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living there since 2011.
But two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south.
It is thought they headed towards the city of Idlib, now under Al-Nusra.
Al-Nusra have promised to bring in Sharia law in the city, and have already started burning things considered banned under Islam - like these cigarettes.
This year's Vivid Sydney festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
The festival also includes a plethora of art, music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition.
Spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years.
But she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with.
Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were spotted at Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, at lunchtime on Monday.
The former first lady, secretary of state, New York senator, and top aide Huma Abedin didn't leave a tip during their 45-minute stop.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' Charles Wright, manager of the restaurant, told Bloomberg.
Not every Chipotle restaurant has a jar for change. And many customers pay with a card.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford killed in road accident in East Sussex.
The 21-year-old had just received news of job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed.
His grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Brian O'Driscoll's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media.
The Irish rugby legend has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens.
SNP leader sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out second vote.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want'
Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK.
Toronto, Ontario, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow.
Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink, all in the name of spreading a message of tolerance and acceptance to the community.
Justin Rose finished second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month.
Rose has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana.
The 34-year-old Ryder Cup star has finished 10th, 15th and eighth.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game.
The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.
On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday.
Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, Indiana.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder.
Wilson was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU.
The connection between Messel and Wilson is unclear, police said.
Two-storey hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, central China, is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on giant cylinder-shaped rollers.
Engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily 'walk' possible.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq, but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms.
Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in 2013.
But his relatives and family friends insist the will is invalid.
They say the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
The two sides are locked in a High Court fight at the Royal Courts of Justice.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December.
He spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coop and was orphaned when his mother was killed.
Video footage shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit.
At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her.
Stoke City's current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
Mark Hughes is keen to extend the current 100m x 66m parameter.
The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size.
Kate, 33, said baby is due'mid to late April' during visit last month.
But Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed.
The 25th is favourite with punters according to bookmakers Ladbrokes.
Tomorrow and Friday are also popular and are priced at just 6/1.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 at the Odsal Stadium.
Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull KR.
Adam O'Brien and Etu Uaisele scored for the Bulls.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Celtic are keen to retain the services of Jason Denayer.
The 19-year-old defender has impressed while on loan at City.
Liverpool are interested in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile.
Immobile has struggled in Germany and could be on the move again.
Arsenal have also considered reviving interest in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
Tottenham sent a scout to watch Lille against Bordeaux last weekend.
Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010.
The memo said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money'
Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply.
He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
Stephen Hogger was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures.
The 55-year-old had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk, for 17 years.
Chimpanzees crossing a busy road in Kibale National Park in Uganda have learned to look for traffic before crossing and as they crossed.
Adult chimps tended to wait for younger chimps to cross and check they got over safely.
Researchers say the road in Sebitoli sees around 89 motor vehicles an hour racing down it at speeds of between 40mph and 60mph.
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in Boston on Saturday.
It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
The NCAA representative tasked with presenting the Friars with their trophy was apparently a little bit off his game as well.
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce's side are currently in 10th place in the Premier League.
The Hammers have lost four of their last six games.
Click here for all the latest West Ham United news.
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament to ‘try to build a majority’
But the SNP suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
The unidentified woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn.
Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Police are still awaiting a medical examiner's report to find out the cause of the woman's death.
Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah.
The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.
He tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday.
The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt in Sheffield.
Six-time world champions Steve Davis and Kurt Maflin also lost.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'
But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by American prosecutors.
He is accused of causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique.
Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
But he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory.
Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana.
The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold, which is about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia.
Dan Churchill, 25, appeared on Good Morning America to promote his 'Dude Food' cook book.
He was joined by Blake Lively, Tim McGraw and Lara Spencer.
Churchill was also on set to promote news song and a GMA producer was heard raving about Churchill saying he has 'nailed it'
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away.
Police believe she was forced into the vehicle in the Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus.
The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday.
Agnese, whose British boyfriend, Michael Millis, is a former owner of west London club Westbourne Studios, vanished on September 6 last year.
Notable TV shows including True Blood and Twilight are said to be encouraging surge.
They are driving a new generation of what the Church considers demonic 'possessions'
Professor Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at Vatican-backed course.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league next year too under Louis van Gaal.
Cantona turned his back on football aged 30 to preach about Islamophobia and star in soft porn films.
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts.
The Toffees boss insists they need to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future.
Distin has played more for Everton's youth team than the first XI.
Martinez says his club's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months.
Chelsea kept a clean sheet against Arsenal at the Emirates.
John Terry was in inspiring form in the defence.
The Blues skipper is enjoying some of the best football of his career.
Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against the Gunners.
Kirk Pingelly and Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built.
Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013, despite an assessment revealing Ms Goyer's views would be 'destroyed'
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc., officials said.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine.
In one image, the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit, with her arms thrown casually above her head.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
To date the toddler's Easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.
It has been nicknamed the plango and is expected to be a big hit.
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets.
Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug.
The findings mirror a spike in OAPs being treated for drug abuse.
Figures show 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for addiction last year.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens.
Bosch kicked a last-minute penalty to secure a 12-11 victory over Racing Metro.
The 31-year-old joined the club from Biarritz in 2013.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer.
The Ghana international is keen on a move to the Anfield club.
Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest.
Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him.
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have four players out injured ahead of the game.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out.
Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.
While it is still fun to get on a plane, seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber's luxury spacious aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when she was in her second grade class in Seattle and then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996.
Letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual.
She was arrested and gave birth to their first daughter while on bail in May 1997.
Jordan Spieth fired a second-round 62 to sit six under in Hilton Head, South Carolina.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town.
Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23.
Gosling sent photos of the bodies to the children's biological father as a 'birthday gift' before killing himself in the grisly murder-suicide.
Amir Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Reports in America suggested Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between Khan and Algieri.
Khan said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner despite the brash American calling him out on Twitter while Miguel Cotto was another name ruled out.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs.
The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Manchester City.
Fekir recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their insistence on pursuing a deal with City.
Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket.
The big-hitting batsman has nine England caps to date.
Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson from Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process.
They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering.
But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the lawsuit.
He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed party.
He was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house in Hertfordshire.
Perkins evens for role ahead of Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd.
Clarkson sacked by BBC after he struck and verbally abused producer.
He will appear on stage with Richard Hammond and James May later this year.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property.
Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities.
Veteran Nicholas Connole, who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said he felt like he had to 'defend himself' against the students.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school.
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram.
Overall Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
The little girl is believed to be named Aliya.
Ikramulla was arrested in Mary 2014 in Portage, Wisconsin, for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop.
He is also said to have screamed out 'God is great' in Arabic.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in.
They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled.
Most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property.
Police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social networks to establish that people are out of their homes before striking.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at the prison in Draper, Utah.
He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday.
The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
The Grand National is the highlight of the racing year at Aintree.
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field.
Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory?
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson.
Allardyce believes Pearson has done an 'unbelievable job' at Leicester.
The Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence.
A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions.
The club is close to the Martin Place War Memorial.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace the Spaniard at Napoli.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback is expected to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20.
Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
A photo of Manziel before the start of the season and later posted to Instagram showed him at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter.
Jeff Richmond, who is executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad'
Brandt was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning.
He was pronounced dead at the scene, according to the police report.
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
Manchester United take on Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of City in the Premier League.
Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney was the last player to score a winner against City in 2011.
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell was an officer at Lancaster CID.
She is accused of prying on former partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times.
The 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data.
Also denies eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in the German Cup semi-final.
Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
The German champions have only scored once in their last three matches.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January.
He arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive.
At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the Neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them.
But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of Africa that finished them off.
Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred, meaning Europeans now have roughly two per cent Neanderthal DNA.
Llallawavis scagliai was one of the last terror birds to prowl the Earth.
It was found in a cliff south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina in 2010.
Scientists have reconstructed part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae.
They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under Roman Abramovich.
Jose Mourinho believes the next 700 games will see them supply more players for the English national team.
Mourinho believes the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Dominic Solanke will represent Chelsea and England for years to come.
Time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track.
Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes.
The video concludes with the train finally arriving at the station.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm.
Instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P.
He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Queen's Hospital in Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space to store bodies.
Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement.
A spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country.
John Coyne, 56, ran Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London.
He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking.
Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent.
The landlord was jailed for nine years at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon.
The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court.
The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
Local sources claim the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them.
Scott and Mayo Shirley were travelling back to Washington DC from Orlando.
They were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed they were wet.
Mrs Shirley rubbed the carpet area on the floor of their seats and discovered the liquid was vomit.
United Airlines have offered the family a $150 flight voucher and some'mileage points'
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood and his wife Claire.
The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
Much of the action in House Of Cards takes place on Capitol Hill.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The Briton's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points.
Raikkonen finished second with a strong drive from fourth on the grid.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.
The reservoirs are secure, and scientists don't believe they will impact climate change.
Instead, they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel.
Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal.
The 27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in Kimberley in September 2011.
Ms Pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Chris Hardman, aka Lil Chris, died on March 23 after a long battle with depression.
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean today told inquest that friend AJ Sutton later identified the body.
Mr Hardman's family said he was 'a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him'
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body.
He has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
Heslip said: 'When I met the performers, there was a feeling of belonging. I felt at home'
Arsenal host Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday evening in the Premier League.
The Gunners are seven points clear at the top of the table after 17 games.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography.
He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place.
If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign.
Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned.
Paladini's claim is based on what he says he was told by Darrell Willis, former chief of woodland fires for the city.
The purported revelation may change the outcome of a wrongful death suit filed by the families of a dozen on the hotshots last June.
Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they killed caiman.
Producers thought it was a common caiman - a relatively common reptile.
But suspicions were raised when animal appeared larger than usual.
It has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films.
The Italians have a plan to beat the holders while Spain is holding out for a Clasico final.
Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich take on Barcelona.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane.
Mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby with Jonas Bjorkman.
The British No 1 is due to tie the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to post office, grocery store and school house.
But now, it is a shadow of its former self, with commissary building in disrepair.
Rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis, are only hired workers in the ghost town.
Couple encounter only hired help in town, which previously housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history.
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women.
Despite being engaged for the fourth time, he still has an online dating profile.
Offering a half-grin to the camera with his signature pony-tail tucked away from view, Holpin tells prospective conquests: 'I love my kids'
Listed among his hobbies is watching TV and playing computer games.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win European football's top trophy with three different clubs.
The only other player to have done so is Clarence Seedorf, who won the title with Ajax, Real Madrid and Milan.
Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool in 2005.
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead with multiple injuries in Bootle, Merseyside.
Her mother Bernadette, 57, was also found dead at sheltered accommodation.
Police are now appealing for the public's help to track down Peter Fox.
They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths.
Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build.
Madeline Luciano allegedly encouraged pupils to write nasty words about classmate.
The 40-year-old claims she was trying to teach them about the evils of bullying.
She has now launched court action against the city's education department.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone.
They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.
This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars.
However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
The findings were made using Nasa’s orbiting Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer (Wise) telescope.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
More people in Britain back fracking than are opposed to it, Greenpeace survey finds.
42% of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction.
35% disagreed with using the controversial technique, according to the poll.
Greenpeace survey found greatest support among men and over-65s.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island allegedly broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola.
Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
He is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals.
Tim Farron accused by dead man's widow of 'betrayal' after inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress'
Mr Stephenson fell from three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency.
He initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell the paramedics that he had intended to kill himself.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother.
Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden.
He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
The Masters 2015 is almost here.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose will tee off.
The 2014 Masters will be held at Augusta National Golf Club.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer.
It is composed of three components: a lipstick wheel, an eyeliner applicator and a mask which illuminates when the 'beautification' was complete.
Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history.
Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time.
That levelled the scores up at 1-1, but Adam's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave Stoke nursing a third successive league loss.
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table.
The City boss says Louis van Gaal's teams are always offensive.
Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins.
When higher concentrations of clear alcohol are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet.
These can then be soaked up using a paper towel.
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) as part of its Reactions series.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.
Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
The official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released.
The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11.
It shows both fighters squaring up in the middle of a desert road.
'It's time. Two legends. One destiny. All roads end here,' the commentary says as anticipation builds ahead of the $300million (£200m) bout.
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective ‘home rule’ for England.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland.
MPs north of the border will have no say.
Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison hospital.
He is being lined up for move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the 'voices from God' which he blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial.
A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Ukrainian pole vault great is battling Coe for the top job.
The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal since joining from Chelsea in February.
The 24-year-old thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience.
Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket.
Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield.
The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people at a press day for the air show.
A friend who wished to remain anonymous said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978.
Hemphrey was born in Doncaster and Geoffrey Boycott, arguably the greatest Yorkshire batsman of them all, would have doffed his cap at the price he paid.
Anonymous donor posted plain brown envelope to church officials.
Said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'
Cash will be put towards restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million.
Church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding.
But only if they can raise additional £7.1million themselves by end of year.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough.
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after the outbreak.
Parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there.
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester.
Seemingly unaware of the low tide, he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft.
He was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane.
Stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to his brother.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus.
Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on Churchill Way.
She had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car.
When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit.
McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday.
The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Gomis tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index after another thrilling installment of Premier League action.
Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983.
The father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.
One of nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former Leicester West MP waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ‘beggars belief’
Adam Barker will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties, accounts show.
He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work.
The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
The Large Hadron Collider was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson.
It has now been upgraded to a record-breaking 13 tera-electron volts (TeV)
Physicists are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device's upgrade.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16.
The Reds boss believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him handle Liverpool's young players.
Rodgers was on the books at Reading where he was captain of the youth team and was then in the first team squad.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach.
The bobcat collected the shark after entering the water.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship.
The Ukrainian club are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages.
Club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000.
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City in the 89th minute.
The Argentine scored in injury time against QPR to win the 2012 title.
Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League.
Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets for City.
Former White House florist Ronn Payne retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.
'Oh, I’ve got to go. The pigs are here,' she told her phone pal, according to Payne – using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement.
Chelsea now shares leadership of the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which wouldn't respond to questions about Payne's recollection.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day.
It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once.
Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button, and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'
This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds.
The annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing has hit $12 million.
Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future.
He added that he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond similar to that paid by private renters.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire.
Prior will lead his own team in the race for the first time.
The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course.
He was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five.
Police then proceeded to search his dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers.
The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children.
Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark.
The 26-year-old was attacked at 9.45am on Saturday at Fishery Bay, South Australia.
Witnesses said the shark swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was taken to Port Lincoln hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide on Saturday.
Friends have begun to send their love and support to Mr Blowes and his family on social media.
Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League.
Supporters of both sides gathered outside the 60,000-capacity stadium to show off banners against the rising costs of modern football.
A fundraising page has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday.
Hours earlier her grandson Alistair was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a $250,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather.
The rapper and producer placed the bet in front of a swimming pool.
Wahlberg accepts but raises the stake to $250k as he takes on the boxer.
Mayweather and Pacquiao are expected to gross over $300million.
Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity.
The former England rugby captain is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on Earth.
He and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin pledged to make a new one.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am on Wednesday when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them.
Bleary allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow before stabbing Saltare in the breast, buttocks and arm.
Copeland, who used to play for the New York Knicks, was in New York to take on his former team, the Knicks, at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.
The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen.
Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
Australia beat New Zealand in the World Cup final on Sunday.
Brad Haddin clapped in Martin Guptill's face after being bowled.
Darren Lehmann defended his players following criticism of their behaviour.
Andrew Danziger said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit in 1989.
He said the UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball'
The aviator, who has 28 years of cockpit experience, said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes.
The single mother of two is partying away her final years on Brighton's gay scene.
She regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night.
Stefan Johansen scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table.
Two security guards working for TransValue Inc of Miami were approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate.
The trio tied the guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold.
Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal.
They are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 win over Porto.
Dietmar Hamann believes the World Cup winner may be heading for the exit.
Hamann also doubts whether Franck Ribery will fit seamlessly back into the side.
Dr Teresa Belton believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives.
Simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing.
Belton says: 'Wellbeing is a continuing state, while happiness can come and go. Wellbeing means that we both feel good and function well'
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt.
She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated for alleged misconduct.
Model Chanel, 19, claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
The model also shows off a myriad of other 'beauty fixes' she uses, including a daily shot of garlic powder, balsamic vinaigrette, sage, and olive oil.
Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed her partner, James Polkinghorne 'I would have been dead'
Silva admits she was living in fear and violence and she told no one.
She was a victim of the worst type of domestic abuse, suffering years of verbal and physical attacks by her partner.
Last month she walked free from court, despite being convicted of manslaughter, free to tell of the four years of horror.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow on April 16.
Judge Nigel Cadbury said she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death.
He said: 'It's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such, very vulnerable positions'
Women's rights campaigners have branded his comments 'unhelpful'
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine.
Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession.
The Belgian star will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title.
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut ties with the club.
Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem.
Harry Kane will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament.
The Tottenham striker made his senior England debut last week.
Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
The pharmacist called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen'
She explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan.
Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European clubs.
Chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the forward.
Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape.
War memorials were also defaced. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year.
DNA sample eventually led them to his mother, who has not been named.
The woman was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped.
She explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
Brendan Rodgers was fined for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington.
The Anfield boss was ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof.
But he had his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons.
Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium in the Premier League.
Jose Mourinho's side have proved a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge.
Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp at Wembley.
The Royals were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final.
But manager Steve Clarke is confident Federici will bounce back.
The Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.
German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous.
The resort is tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in South America.
It is home to pretty villages, two major cities - the capital Montevideo and the colonial Portuguese town of Colonia.
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks.
Those from outside the EU who have spent more than three months abroad must provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country.
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to Tamara Ecclestone, 30, who is worth £3billion.
Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in just £3,378.
Former stockbroker lives with wife and daughter Sophia, one, in £45m house.
In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791.
This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012.
In 2013, the latest year for which figures are available, 20,307 received As across the board.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round.
Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title.
The 26-year-old is scheduled to be in New York to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award.
Governor Andrew Cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations.
Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed.
John Hughes says he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves.
Hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing Meekies had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses'
When her mother Amanda received her daughter Abby's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained.
'I knew then that she couldn't see,' she said.
Abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on Monday after LifeTouch offered to re-take it.
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta.
The world No 111 struggled to get under par on the opening day.
Woods recorded a relatively respectable score of five under par.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies.
Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009.
The 33-year-old said thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago.
Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final and keep them on course for quadruple.
England were embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year.
Brendon McCullum is adept at playing T20 all over the world.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough T20 competitions.
Ashley Young has revealed the secret of his team-mates' changing room playlist.
The Red Devils winger reveals he only plays funky house and house.
Young was joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Olly Murs.
Former Reds striker Andy Ritchie and Helen Evans hosted the show.
Adam Johnson, 27, charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming.
The Premier League winger faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted.
He was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at Peterlee police station, Durham.
Johnson is the father of a three-month-old daughter and has represented England at senior level 12 times.
Hillary Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation, a new book will claim.
According to author Peter Schweizer, there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors.
The claims against Clinton, Secretary of State from 2009-13, are laid out in Clinton Cash, due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book.
She says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw the Prince playing strip billiards.
The dominatrix has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show.
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages.
Labour leader said a new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff.
But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty told Extra.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal sees next Sunday's derby against Manchester City as important in the battle to finish runners-up.
The Red Devils hold an eight-point gap over Liverpool.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers.
Instead lets boiling water do all the hard work.
Start by taking a sharp knife and running blade around middle of potato.
Run the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through flesh.
Nicky Buckley, 49, soldiered on with her presenting job on The Sale of the Century after falling pregnant in 1997.
Bucked preconceived notions of women in TV and continued to work to support family.
Despite her blossoming belly and impending birth, unintentionally she sparked a very public debate that divided a nation.
The mountain lion, known as P-22, left the Los Feliz home on Tuesday.
He was discovered in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac's home.
Animal welfare officers conducted a thorough search of the area in the early hours.
They fired tennis balls and beanbags to try and get him to move out.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by Orting, Washington, after just under a year.
Claims he was fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin.
Says he was treated unfairly and was given harsher treatment than other officers.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Hinckley's lawyers said mental illness drove him to shoot the President in an effort to impress actress Jodie Foster.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack.
According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for Arsenal.
Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for Liverpool.
Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike.
Sportsmail's Matt Barlow casts his eye over the two teams' performances.
Roma have been punished for displaying an offensive banner during their 1-0 defeat of Napoli.
The banner taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year.
Roma will have part of their stadium closed for the league match with Atalanta on April 19.
Antonella Leardi's son Ciro Esposito died after being shot during violent clashes following last year's Coppa Italia final in Rome.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet.
Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.
Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers.
They have posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites.
Pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek.
While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Once the cord is attached, the vehicle speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount.
Sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub when he became annoyed.
He grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard.
Li slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
The animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner Tang Chao.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP holds balance of power.
Says SNP would rely on 'deeply unstable block of Scottish Nationalists'
Comes after Alex Salmond boasted he would write Labour's first budget.
Jules Bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014.
The Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely'
His father Philippe Bianchi has spoken of the pain his family have felt since the accident.
Study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others.
The findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4.
The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month.
But his recovery has been quicker than expected and he will rejoin the squad for training next week.
Jose Mourinho hinted that Loic Remy could return against Manchester United.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room.
She pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-1 in the Premier League U21 Cup.
Sam Gallagher scored a stunning goal to win the game for the Saints.
Ryan Seager and Matt Targett also scored for the hosts.
Adam Lyth was one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean.
Lyth hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132.
Now he finds himself competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook’s opening partner at the first Test in Antigua.
Arsene Wenger says he will have a heart-to-heart chat with Theo Walcott.
Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw against Italy.
Wenger insists there are fundamental flaws in Greg Dyke's proposal to increase the number of required homegrown players in Premier League squads to 12.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in Stuttgart on Tuesday.
Ivanovic had already beaten Garcia two previous times this year.
Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Jill Scott was sent off during Manchester City Ladies' 1-0 defeat by Arsenal.
The 28-year-old reacted angrily to a challenge by Jade Bailey.
Scott was shown a straight red card during the second half of the game.
City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character'
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine.
The 22-year-old has been keen to show off her assets while away.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four.
Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races.
The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality.
Tiger Woods was forced to miss the Masters due to injury.
The 21-year-old hit a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole.
Woods finished in the top 20 at Augusta, his best return since 2013.
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0.
The Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October.
Alex Neil's side remain in the Championship's relegation zone.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.
The British singer, who is currently touring New Zealand, took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday.
Ms Knight said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the memorable visit.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray.
'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said.
Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year.
On their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes'
Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture on March 30, more than 15,000 people have liked the image.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, accused of inappropriately touching nurses in 2013.
Accused of helping Nurse A with her training at Arrowe Park Hospital.
Nurse A said he smacked her on the bottom and said 'you bad girl'
Manohar denies four counts of sexual assault at Liverpool Crown Court.
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking.
This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster.
The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Earlier this year it was revealed he had sold a £20million townhouse.
Miracle Godson was reported missing on Friday afternoon after jumping into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan.
Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day.
Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has been on the bench for much of the season.
The 26-year-old has been pictured with Calum Chambers, Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, David Ospina, Mathieu Flamini and Mesut Ozil.
Walcott and Co have posed for an official portrait for Paris' oldest fashion house - Lanvin - the club's official tailor since 2013.
Violeta Tupuola, who lives near Canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media.
In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck.
The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Jenner's famous plump lips.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into corner shop in Cleveleys.
Pair pulled out'realistic looking' handgun and began waving it in family's faces.
When they refused to hand over cash, Munro and Thompson threw sweets at them.
Munro jailed for five years and four months at Preston Crown Court.
Thompson jailed for 3 years and 4 months for robbery and firearms offences.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance.
The Royals have struggled in the Championship this season.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a brood with at least ten mothers.
He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
Macdonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his.
New York City's Library Hotel was designed around the Dewey Decimal System.
Each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic.
The hotel boasts a rooftop bar known as the Writer’s Den & Poetry Garden, which serves literary-themed cocktails.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 3-0 in the Youth Cup final.
Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to secure victory.
City will face Chelsea in the first leg on April 20 before travelling to Stamford Bridge on April 27.
Arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist.
Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall'
Santi Cazorla chose Spanish pop star Melendi's slow track.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calum Chambers, Danny Welbeck, Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the list.
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish.
But was the achievement just a hoax?
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake.
He holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod and reels rapidly.
The Danish monarch was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Mary, 43, and their four children.
Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared, watched by members of other European royal dynasties.
Also on the balcony was Margrethe's second son, Joachim, 45, his French wife Princess Marie, his children from his first marriage, Nikolai, 15, and Felix, 12, and his youngest two, Henrik, five, Athena, three.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.
It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt.
Schmidt revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Spartak Moscow were sanctioned for displaying a racist banner.
The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed a 'racist symbol'
The club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against the sanctions rejected.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other on Saturday.
Klitschko has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent.
The Ukrainian is mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt.
Adam Peaty has broken the men's 100m breast stroke world record.
His time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
The 20-year-old from Uttoxeter has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people on its way to Phuket.
Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded.
Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Manning sent out 15 tweets on Friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters.
Within just a few hours @xychelsea racked up more than 16,000 followers.
She also gave a shout out to Tom Morello, the frontman of Rage Against the Machine.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer.
The company has warned existing customers that loyalty points will be much lower.
Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston.
It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email.
Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer.
Flanagan suffered a knee injury and has become a forgotten man.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep the full back at Anfield.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer.
Manchester United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
Icardi is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold in 2013.
His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated.
He was treated at King's College Hospital in south east London, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation.
Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Mabbutt will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford.
Rooney scored his sixth goal in eight matches since being restored up front by Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield.
United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Netflix is near the top of the pile, paying a median of $180,000 a year.
The other boldface name in the group is Google, which comes in at no. 13.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com.
Indiana's 'ghost cane' is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a Louisiana slave master.
Bruno Amadio’s portrait of a weeping child was thought to have been cursed.
Four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old 'chair of death' now in Philadelphia.
Manchester United and Chelsea are interested in signing Sami Khedira.
Schalke have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package.
Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions about a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh-in in Las Vegas next Friday.
Fans will be charged for admission to weigh-ins if they weigh more than 10st 7lbs.
The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles.
Wladimir Klitschko has admitted he is considering retirement.
Hillary Clinton flew from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination.
The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats.
Clinton's first afternoon meeting came at the home of Mary Louise Hancock, the 95-year-old grand dame of New Hampshire Democratic politics.
Stuart Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean.
Broad says that he and Jimmy Anderson are best mates and admits he has guided him through his career.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park.
The Duchess of Cambridge's younger sister kicked up her workout gear with a pair of New Balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year.
They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for.
The family, from Furness Vale, Derbyshire, posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Huddersfield drew 0-0 with Brighton at the Amex Stadium on Tuesday night.
Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn.
Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
Dane Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year deal with Hull KR.
The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the Robins as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio.
When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The Hoops have written to the Scottish Football Association to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off.
The American had a 70-7 lead in winners but struggled to dictate play.
Errani's power proved too much for the world no 1.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman's Southampton.
The result had Koeman acknowledging that the Saints’ unlikely march to the top four was over.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1.
Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.
The highway has been named the best in the world for its location, cutting through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley.
Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician.
Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Level student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
Miliband has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet
Chelsea have suffered a blow in their pursuit of Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
The 21-year-old striker has scored 13 league goals this season.
But reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered £23million for the striker.
Dybala admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd.
Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe, off the west coast of Africa.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home.
Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway.
Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims, who did not know each other.
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu.
The Spanish keeper has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons.
Manchester United No 1 De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia.
The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia organised protests at major cities across Australia, which were countered by anti-racism activists.
Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule.
But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food.
The menu includes a falafel sandwich of baba ganoush, beetroot, pickled turnips, coleslaw, garlic parsley and tahini.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, praising Lee Rigby's killers.
He urged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, the Old Bailey heard.
But Thomas failed to understand that 'cake' was a codeword for 'bomb', the jury was told.
Islamic is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism.
Lu Lu and Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds.
The panda set a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre.
A video of their sexual antics means that'stud' Lu Lu is now the talk of China.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.
Land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition.
They journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours.
Any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person.
If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in.
The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi.
The boy was on top of a white car and yelling for help.
Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao has revealed the mouth guard he will use in the bout.
The Filipino boxer is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Cape Verde's 2-0 friendly win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week.
The tiny island is 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa.
Its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes.
Portuguese explorers discovered the island in 1456 and it stayed a Portuguese colony until independence in 1975.
Gordon Robson, 26, was drinking at NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear.
Robson had been drinking after being a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral.
He got into an argument with a friend of Mr Potts, 45, outside bar.
Mr Potts stepped in to stop the fight and Robson was jailed for three and a half years.
Chill resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
The dashcam car drives onwards through smoke and burning debris, flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen.
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters.
Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Karen Davis, 38, from Port Pirie in South Australia, has been charged with disorderly behaviour.
The woman was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy over her actions, claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
England face Italy in a Euro 2016 qualifier at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Wayne Rooney is picked in a central role while Daniel Sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as Harry Kane simply on the back of experience.
Kieran Gibbs looks to run past Italian Alessandro Florenzi.
Money Man vs PacMan will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Jack Johnson was the bane of the white supremacists in America in the early 1900s.
White America hated it when 'Galveston Giant' Johnson beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908 to win the title.
After a frenzied campaign, Jeffries agreed to take the fight for what would equal £3m.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday.
Gallagher has not even been named in the Saints squad since Koeman's arrival.
The 19-year-old has had a long injury-hit season.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was arrested by police early on Sunday after she walked into an Iowa hotel and urinated on the lobby floor.
Pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $500 bond at about 10am.
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge.
The world No 1 has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta National.
McIlroy led the field heading into the final day of the 2011 Masters before suffering a dramatic meltdown.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted.
Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks.
Police say MacDonald ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
When officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Labour leader Ed Miliband said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing'
He said rising numbers of serious criminals 'are being let off the hook'
But the launch of Labour's criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed by the news that the party's police adviser, Lord Stephens, is to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption.
The U.S. Census Bureau released the updated figures online Tuesday.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings.
In 2012, that number was 94.9%.
For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were child-less last year, researchers found.
Ludogorets defender Cosmin Moti made one of the worst tackles this season.
The defender connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage.
But the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA Sofia.
JNCO's wideleg 'rave' jeans are set to make a comeback.
Femail rounds up the worst offenders.
The bucket hat is characterised by its wide, downwards sloping brim.
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of.
Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut and Dairy Milk Whole Nut.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Mayweather's chef reveals he gets a lot of his energy from eating sweets.
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43.
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart.
The Temecula, California woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection.
Her family believes she picked up the deadly and mysterious infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013.
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes.
Herrera has been hailed as the one player who could take over Scholes' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield.
The Spaniard took part in one of Manchester United Foundation's Dream Days on Monday.
London Mayor claims SNP plans would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland'
SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament.
But is ready to do a deal with Labour, even if it finishes in second place.
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station was a backdrop for Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy.
It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists.
Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, 18, who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23.
A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005.
They spent £35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon.
The couple toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity, starring alongside Melvyn Bragg in 20-part BBC2 series 'The Reel History of Britain'
But now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus.
Prime Minister will appeal to small firms and the self-employed.
He said while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace.
Nakatani said war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
But so far, they had not encountered visitors from space.
Edward Snowden claims British agents spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011.
Documents allege Britain was actively spying on the South American state.
There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims.
The revelations come in the wake of the discovery of oil in the Falklands.
Argentina invaded the islands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year that was called 'Killing Children'
There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'
Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body'
The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly smothering 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon.
Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
She was sentenced to probation after Tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head, arm and ear in 2011.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy.
Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Eight months later Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed.
The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life.
Ms Perry praised the work of doctors at Lady Cilento Children's Hospital, describing their work as 'amazing'
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface.
The agency followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
There at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy - and now Nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade.
The stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack.
We see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch as he laughs, entranced; the couple then dance around.
Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button have been taking advantage of the current Formula One break in different ways this week.
Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session on Tuesday evening.
Button has been training for the London Marathon with his wife Jessica Michibata.
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making stir-fried dishes.
He also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife.
Ms Zhao lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker.
The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi.
Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar.
Raymond Allen opened the first KFC franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965.
He had become a personal friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders after meeting during a conference in Chicago 50 years ago.
Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network.
It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band.
Instead of playing with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors.
During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped.
The game is expected to launch internationally, although details about pre-orders and a release date haven't been announced.
Airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags.
But it's a somewhat cut and thrust job, with a mechanical arm.
The arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.
It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Rangi Chase was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
Salford went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form.
Chase will be joined by Weller Hauraki, Danny Tickle and Mitch Allgood.
Birmingham Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S.
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China.
But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday.
Ronaldo has been on the receiving end of poor form this season.
The Portuguese star has urged his fans to get into shape.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers.
After 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday.
His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor.
Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool had no others to give the 27-year-old.
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Some students were so distressed by what they heard, they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said: 'The minute that allegation was made by these kids I would have done something about it'
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream.
Li Hongjun, 30, received the phone as a gift and began taking pictures.
The images ended up on Matt's iCloud because the phone had not been erased properly.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession.
She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Swansea City have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede.
Garry Monk has made a striker his priority for the summer.
Club scouts have checked on Aleksandar Mitrovic at Anderlecht and Obbi Oulare from Club Brugge.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old spent three months on loan at Northampton.
Brentford face Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Monday.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.
Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies.
The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Sean Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since taking over at Turf Moor in October 2012.
Dyche made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season.
Burnley are next in action on Sunday when they host Tottenham.
Around 50 obese children at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, are being put through their paces by instructors every day after school.
The classes were set up after a survey showed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old.
Instructors say they are aimed at making fitness fun, and also work with parents to help control the pupils' weights.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.
The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
Former Premier League defender tried to kill himself in December.
The 35-year-old was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving on A64 near York.
He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on April 12.
Joe Hart has been lamenting the club's fall from grace this season.
The England goalkeeper has had 'a lot of honest conversations' with his team-mates.
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at three times the size of its peers.
The animal towers over his peers at the farm in Gelston near Grantham.
Despite his remarkable size, his mother is in remarkably good condition.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades.
Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars.
Hatch was expected to be at Trent's funeral to say a final goodbye.
But he was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory.
Gregory claims Hatch broke his wife's heart by denying her credit.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body.
His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.
Meanwhile, Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system.
Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play Champions League football with Tottenham.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures.
He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'
He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120.
Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. She died in 1997.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at Portman Road.
Kenwyne Jones levelled for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
Jones came off the bench to score within three minutes of his debut.
Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail.
Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms'
The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far.
It pulled in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and 6.1 million for last night's finale.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera'
The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory.
David Edwards, the substitute, headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game.
Pre-match results had offered Wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone, with Brentford and Ipswich Town dropping points unexpectedly.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.
The court upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday.
As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date, the two Australian's lawyers sought a constitutional court review.
Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he won't recognise it.
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed.
Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
The Catalans also sit top of La Liga and will take on Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final.
Eric Abidal was an integral part of Pep Guardiola's brilliant Barcelona team that swept the board to win six trophies in 2009.
Teachers are helping pupils cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed.
Tactics used to bend the rules revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers.
One in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday.
Marc's ex-husband and the boy's father, Germano, has said his 17-year-old son was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana.
The boy is alleged to have said ‘he was going to kill a detective and that he would shoot him in the head’
Marc is due in juvenile court on April 8.
Anthony Rodriguez, 19, was charged with second-degree murder
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday.
They attacked Orden Williams Jr. and his baby, who was also almost hit by the teens.
Williams rushed to his car as the attack began, but almost lost it when the teenagers almost his child.
Joe Brittman, 19, has been arrested and charged with aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was suffering from extreme depression for just 10 days before he killed himself on Sunday.
Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday morning.
Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal.
J.B. Silverthorn was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1,000.
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram on Thursday.
Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots.
Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United.
He grabbed the PA microphone and burst into song for his fellow football fans.
Leonard then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm on arrival in Aberdeen.
The 46-year-old was ordained to appear next month.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par.
The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the Masters.
Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in South Carolina.
EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16.
The latest version of the long-running game series features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles and enhanced ball physics.
Courses, such as TPC Sawgrass, also affect how your shots are played.
Sunday's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War took about 5,000 miles (8,000 kilometers) south of the South.
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride.
Listening to the right sort of music can enhance flavours in certain foods.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles.
High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
The so-called digital seasoning also applies to wine, helping drinkers to enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more, if served alongside the right music.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week.
His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
The single mom said that her son's life could be forever changed by what happened and he could face millions of dollars in medical bills.
Mark Carney was spotted jogging in London's Hyde Park.
He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt with no fewer than four water bottles.
The belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at Kintec, a Canadian sports retailer.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sitting in front room of their home.
Thugs began pelting front window with stones and Mr Young confronted them.
He opened front door to confront them but was hit in left eye by brick.
Mr Young was taken to hospital but doctors could not save his left eye.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Marin Cilic was eliminated in the second round of the Barcelona Open.
The 2014 U.S. Open champion lost to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic.
Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $1million in gifts and campaign contributions.
Menendez helped donor Dr Salomon Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including Brazilian actress Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk.
Melgen has also been charged in the indictment, in addition to other Medicaid fraud charges, pleading not guilty to both.
Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room.
He developed the negatives on site, capturing and developing his images on site.
The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Prout's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much.
The Milan-born designer has made a name for himself putting A-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations.
But it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular.
Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply.
at product launch.
Apple's website listed shipping times in June for some models and four to six weeks for others.
There was immediately brisk bidding on eBay for confirmed orders for watches.
Footballer Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
Video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
The Liverpool winger then apparently passes out as giggling friends look on.
Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote.
The £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf, complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware.
All of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM.
Carlos Tevez is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season.
Juventus are aiming to beat Monaco in their quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
The Italian side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio in Serie A.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces.
But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb.
As it begins to fall back down to earth, the car explodes like a firework.
It is the latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS launching bungled attacks in Iraq.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
The 26-year-old plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in Rio full of confidence.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
The doctor has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission.
She has been prescribing drugs such as steroids and hormones to 40 patients.
Some of the patients had a history of abusing such substances.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up.
Briony Ingerson posted the image from an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago.
She wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!'
On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter, insisting she had not meant any harm.
A Fox Sports spokeswoman told AAP that they had only become aware of
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit.
The 100-foot copter is twice the size of humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy.
The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa'
The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game.
He scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday.
Kardashian family are in Armenia on an eight-day visit to the country of their late father's birth.
They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan, which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
The hotel has the burliest of bodyguards and police in tow as they take in the sights.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013.
He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him.
Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season.
Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to win PFA Players' Player of the Year.
Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea.
Sergio Aguero has struggled with fitness and has only managed to score three times in 2015.
Incident happened during rush hour in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16.
Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral.
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card in Real Madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano.
Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Real are appealing the yellow card for their star forward.
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
But a bid by the league board to force finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of Â£15 was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year.
The 19-year-old has been invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015.
Rory McIlroy has tipped the Scot to be a success when he decides to turn professional.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures.
Jose Mourinho's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline.
Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom.
Hull lost 3-1 to Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Paul McShane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up.
Steve Bruce's side have only scored twice in their last six away games.
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid.
He insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine.
Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, made the post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in Baltimore, Maryland.
At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it - but not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit.
The young British athlete says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard.
Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
Allegedly went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks.
Mee, formerly of south London, denies 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Barcelona had taken a 4-1 aggregate lead at the Nou Camp.
Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi were also impressive in the first half.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California.
The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his boss a doctor's note.
The letter praised the employee for'sensibly staying home from work'
The note has now been shared thousands of times on Reddit.
Rory McIlroy is the favourite to win the Masters next week.
The world No 1 is 103 places above Tiger Woods in the world rankings.
McIlroy grew up watching Woods and is now on his way to emulate him.
United Express flight from Kansas City to Denver diverted due to bad weather.
Men, women and children were stuck on tarmac at Colorado Springs airport for six hours.
Passengers were told if they got off, it would be the end of their trip.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.
Cook and Trott scored 231 against New Zealand in Dunedin in March 2013.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month's series.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13.
She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year.
Inquest heard how her parents, solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence, struggled to treat her condition.
After her death, notes she had written saying she was 'tormented by voices' indicating she might have been suffering from schizophrenia.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness.
Christine Lagarde and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink.
The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket in Antigua.
But the Durham all-rounder's front foot crossed the line.
Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11.
Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League.
Dyche insists it's unfair to pin the club's survival hopes on one man.
A Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé.
The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name.
All expressed their shared pain with Beyoncé after living with unfortunate name clashes.
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School in Morristown, New Jersey.
A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other students.
McDonough has applied for a Pre-Trial Intervention program in hopes of having the charges against her dropped.
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
She was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot.
Australian pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad.
Sandiford said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded: 'OK for other adults but not for me'
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case, testified Thursday at the murder trial of ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45.
Van is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road.
Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down.
It caused the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.
The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury.
London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit DNA sample.
It will then match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets.
The laboratory testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate.
Council hopes it will fit well with new national laws requiring all owners to microchip their dogs by April next year.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's stadium.
Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area'
He shrugged his shoulders at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.
The father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place at the Crucible.
McGill had beaten fellow Glaswegian and sometime practice partner Stephen Maguire 10-9 in the opening round, finishing with a century.
The 24-year-old has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Deansgate, Manchester.
She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for daughter Dennon, 10.
But staff accidentally served her daughter a drink with alcohol in it.
Ms Dodds said: 'How dare they blame it on me'
Amanda Lamb stars in new fragrance campaign for Air Wick.
The 42-year-old TV presenter says simple touches can enhance a home.
Says one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with fragrance.
Chris O'Dowd lashed out at Gatwick Airport after his son was frisked.
The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff who also threw out the child's bottle in a tweet dripping with sarcasm.
He ended the tweet with the hashtag '#ScaryBaby'
Incident occurred a day after he and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980.
But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute.
The win was Arsenal's eighth in a row and kept up the pressure on Chelsea.
Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their winning streak and challenge for the title.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table.
But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought.
His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on'
The tourists were halted by an unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Jason Holder scored his maiden Test century on day five.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear topless on front of May edition of Golf Digest.
She appeared in Women's U.S. Open when she was just 12.
At the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in major tournament.
The decision has sparked a mixed response from readers.
Kecil the orangutan had a tough start to life after his natural mother and another surrogate mother rejected him.
But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.
Maggie, 53, has raised Kecil for the past 10 months, and the two now have an inseparable bond.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects.
But the MoD has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury.
Palace boss Alan Pardew says the striker has a 'bionic' knee.
Pardew believes Murray is reaping rewards from loan spell with Reading.
Smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on March 17.
The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.
They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey believes they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.
Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York.
The blog features photos and stories of women in the tech industry, often accompanying them with inspirational quotes.
Steven Thompson accidentally speared John McGinn with a pole.
McGinn will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg.
Thompson scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements.
He lived there with his family from 2002 and unveiled it officially in 2006.
But local authority laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission.
Now, after numerous court appearances, Eric Pickles has ruled it must be pulled down.
Features include weathered brick and stone, carved wooden pillars and beams.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle.
She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault.
Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court.
She is charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire.
Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy, from Southampton, died from his injuries on August 25.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano.
The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about mother Jade's constant Facebook updates.
Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has 'backfired'
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine.
William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday.
She faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland.
Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18.
The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks.
Richie Benaud died from skin cancer at the age of 84.
Benaud captained Australia in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series.
David Cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to Richie Benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday.
The 21-year-old secured his first ever major title at Augusta.
Spieth was presented with a green jacket by last year's Masters champion Bubba Watson.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
Pietersen tweeted a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'
The 34-year-old is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said.
In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation.
Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.
It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene.
A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight.
But he pretended that he also wanted to break up.
He replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to'
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'
Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie's no-nonsense attitude.
Watching the Matawan town hall meeting was Jim Keady, who Christie famously told to'sit down and shut up' for heckling him over the disbursement of Superstorm Sandy funds.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season.
Boyd has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen.
The journey from Turf Moor to Selhurst would usually take 69 hours.
Aussies took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country.
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game.
Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday.
He is accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment.
Jutting, 30, returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests.
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
The 32-year-old leader 'told troops that the climb was like nuclear weapons'
Pictures released by North Korean state media show him smiling on the top.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts.
Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Tabitha Bennett allegedly set up a fight between her daughter and a 14-year-old girl in New Port Richey, Florida.
She allegedly drove her daughter to meet the girl and encouraged them to fight.
Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones.
Ibrahim Anderson and Shah Jahah Khan have pleaded not guilty to terror offences.
The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street.
They are also accused of handing out ISIS propaganda leaflets.
Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey cardigan.
Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
Both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Aristocrat Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein is 27 years younger than the former Spanish king.
The affair is said to have ended in 2014 when Juan Carlos abdicated in favour of his son, Felipe.
Juan Carlos was said to be so smitten with her that he considered a divorce.
Luxury ski company Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for guests.
The company also created a £2,450 lily-of-the-valley bouquet for a romantic guest.
Police have identified 25 people who claim Labour peer attacked them.
Each could claim for up to £100,000 and each could be handed £2.5million.
One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council.
His solicitor Peter Garsden said suing'may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice'
The Crown Princess was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9, 1940.
Mary was met by representatives of the Danish military, where she placed a wreath at a memorial and attended a service.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year.
Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital.
Her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived.
They contacted Angel Gowns, a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and two children on Wednesday.
Police say he strangled his wife, Christine, 37, Celeste, 2, and 8-year-old son Timothy III to death with a USB cord.
The bodies were found Monday evening at the family's home in Eastpointe, Michigan.
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control.
At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board.
It comes after a rescue operation was launched in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting.
The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700.
Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space'
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Lucas Leiva missed the last three trips to Wembley due to injury.
The Brazil international is hoping to get his chance against Aston Villa.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister.
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'
Bernard simply stated that it's been an 'honor' to serve the Obamas and lauded the first lady for welcoming 'every guest to the White House with her signature warmth, grace and style'
French coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway.
He was carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby.
Eyewitnesses feared one wrong move and the bus would slide into the estuary.
Actor Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected.
He is a keen military historian and expert on medieval longbow.
One of the most unusual items is a hand-painted limewood diorama.
The piece was commissioned by artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s.
Jerry Tarkanian, 5, suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday and was taken to the hospital.
His parents said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in July 2012.
Costa was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in Red Hill, Canberra.
The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa's unstable mindset at time of attack can be proven.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Student demonstrators who walked on an American flag to protest racism sparked a countermovement, prompting a south Georgia university to cancel classes Friday.
Valdosta State University found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart.
Manhart, 38, was detained by police when she refused to return the flag.
She later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country.
The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting'
Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park in East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million.
Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the property is not all split over one level as modern bungalows are today.
The main sitting room is double height with a gallery and the original inglenook fireplace.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France.
But well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters.
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen.
She claims she was arrested because she refused to pay a £70 fine.
Police insist she was removed because she had 'assaulted a group of private guards'
The beach is popular among tourists from Europe and the US.
Phil Haste, 60, was issued with a £50 fine for failing to display his tax disc.
He was also told he had not shown a ticket in his car, even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard.
The businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a Torbay council car park.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a secretive Christian commune on New Zealand's west coast, in late March 2013.
The family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan.
They were particularly afraid that by walking out of Gloriavale they may have lost their 'Salvation' with God.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
Trooper J. Gabbard's report says that Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.
Kimmel would not take a sobriety test and refused a breath and blood alcohol test.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out.
He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal.
Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many.
James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings.
Spuran Spuran announced debut song 'Spurs!' in hilarious video.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band.
Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for the defeat.
The 72-year-old medical professional said 'the bond of trust is damaged'
His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black, will now be African-American.
This just over one month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city.
The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election.
Michael Owen said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season.
The former England striker sparked a debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday.
Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
James Hayward had toy gun packed in his hand luggage for flight to Lanzarote.
But security officers were 'over-zealous' and demanded he hand it over.
They also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child.
Dad Phil has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous' and criticized how staff reacted in the situation.
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7.
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties.
But pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or Miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'
Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.
This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'
And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on the Spanish version of The Voice when he belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar.
As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent.
The unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.
Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants.
The Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge in the Andes near Huinchiri, Peru.
It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below, and villagers claim it has been there for 500 years.
The bridges were an integral part of the incredible Inca road system that stretches for 25,000 miles, from modern-day Ecuador to Argentina.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine.
These 'brain-healthy foods' lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly.
Nelson Felippe posted a photo of a scene on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro.
The viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant.
Felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man's footsteps.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire.
But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
The couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery.
Lucas Leiva and Alex Song could leave Liverpool in the summer.
Roberto Mancini is keen on Manchester City duo Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Jean Pockett is one of 10 war widows brought to Gallipoli for Anzac Day this year.
The widows were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands.
They will be the guests of honour at the Gallippoli dawn service on Saturday.
Among them is Jean, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday.
As she landed, she didn't feel so well and had to see the doctor.
Maria McErlane was travelling with her old mucker Doon Mackichan.
The Datai Hotel in Langkawi has all the colour and wonder of the Emerald City.
It was designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill around Datai Bay.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A.
The Biancoceleste have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six games.
A victory would leave them nine points behind Juve with seven games remaining.
Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
The 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in Europe.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
Liverpool are also monitoring James Milner and Danny Ings.
Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed.
When the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome, the same Google account must be signed into on the phone.
The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, is said to have killed her family.
She allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, the couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four.
Mr Shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle.
Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts.
The new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-Calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calor chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-caloric steak and cheese wrap.
Also features two new flavors of the chain's Cheesecake Square Donuts, which each contain upwards of 340 calories.
Jailed millionaire Robert Durst appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22.
Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center.
He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction.
Stuart McCall says Lee McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players.
McCulloch was shown a straight red card for fouling Osman Sow.
Rangers held on to move into second place in the Scottish Championship.
Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA, USADA and others are owed an apology for his offences.
WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits.
Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark, but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman.
Howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Seamus Coleman was adjudged to have been fouled by Marvin Emnes.
Roberto Martinez felt Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
The Everton manager said Michael Oliver should have risen above the appeals from the Swansea faithful.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones.
Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white.
This means they have inherited different genes from their parents.
In odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin.
And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of New South Wales.
One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney.
Another recorded of a house in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle, was taken by Tianna Brien.
Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region.
More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as the Portuguese side went through.
Jose Mourinho led Porto to glory in 2004 but later moved to Chelsea.
Lopetegui has brought in Oliver Torres and Cristian Tello to develop a defined style of play.
Rafael Nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to Fabio Fognini in the third round.
Nadal was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court.
The world No 4 was denied his 20th win of the season.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd.
He will no longer be No 81 having been given his prison number: W106228.
Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch.
It can also be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia.
Three-bedroom apartment in exclusive Egerton Place, London, is on the market for £575,000.
The property has just three years left on the lease and costs £15,000 per month.
But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth £6 million.
Property is one of two maisonettes being sold with three years remaining on lease.
Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Joe Root is England's outstanding batsman with 118 not out at stumps.
Root and Jos Buttler will have to stick around for as long as possible on Friday if England are to dictate terms.
Hillary Clinton's now-famous Mystery Mobile stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle.
Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea.
Clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break.
But they were marooned on island for up to two weeks after ID was stolen.
The 37-year-old was meant to return to the UK on March 9, but only arrived back on March 24.
Mrs Craig, who has Jamaican passport, has placed blame squarely on Ryanair.
The Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid.
The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina.
Mahina, 37, from Byron Bay in New South Wales, created the flippers in the shape of a.
mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims.
But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs.
This could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
It has sparked a war of words between the Waqf, the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, and Israeli archaeological authorities.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker said.
McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's announcement yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way'
President Barack Obama's spokesman Josh Earnest in turn said it was
Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
The hormone drug is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause and is usually taken for five years or longer after breast cancer treatment.
Bafetimbi Gomis opened the scoring for Hull in the 18th minute.
Gomis doubled the home side's lead in the 37th minute with a thunderous overhead kick.
Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half.
Rory McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at Augusta National.
McIlroy is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
The world No 1 recorded birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'
Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580.
James Houlder fell ill at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh last summer.
The 30-year-old has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)
His girlfriend Vicki Hood has also been plagued by sickness including kidney infection.
Mr Houlder says he was offered a £50 'goodwill voucher' but no apology.
First Choice has now instructed law firm Slater and Gordon to launch a civil case.
Former PM made low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats.
Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements.
He shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein, who won the first X Factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than Blair’s popularity.
A four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino turned on one another around 10pm.
Video shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England.
If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday.
Passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.
It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air.
Ukip said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels.
Party said it was designed to 'catch them young' and 'feed them propaganda'
Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy.
Alec Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the role.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job.
Stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ECB hierarchy.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record.
The Lancashire seamer took four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday.
Anderson picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January.
He was left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.
But he claimed from the witness stand on Monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation, in which his companion Terry Carter, 55, was killed.
Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan, but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt.
Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after FC Rostov's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night.
The 23-year-old got down on one knee to ask Katerina Keyru to marry him.
With his team-mates watching on, the Russia international beamed as his basketball-playing partner said yes.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment.
Police alleged the 31-year-old mother used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page.
In February, Ms Edmunds told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life.
Ms Edmunds’ stepdaughter, Kyala, 19, even got a tattoo on her chest in dedication of her stepmother when she thought she
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool.
The Australian retail giant, who own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the fur.
PETA Australia has successfully got other retailers, including David Jones, Myer, Sportsgirl, General Pants Co, and Jeanswest, to stop selling angora.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters financial data of 15,000 people.
Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims they had breached rules on the sale of private data.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements.
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher.
The research was published in the International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism.
Joe Root becomes second fastest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs.
Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker to reach the milestone.
Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series.
Andres Iniesta played a pivotal role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG.
The Barcelona No 8 set up Neymar for the opening goal at the Camp Nou.
Iniesta admits he has been unhappy with his form this season.
Chris Maguire scored a late penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday.
Yann Kermorgant equalised for the Cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining.
Eddie Howe was left 'heartbroken' but also frustrated.
The Owls have had 15 penalties this season.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
It is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts.
Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.
Rangers captain Lee McCulloch was booed for an error against Raith Rovers.
McCall hopes that for the time that he is manager of Rangers, McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago.
The couple then dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they spent seven months renovating.
To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, the couple put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The winger was told off by Brendan Rodgers for answering him back.
Sterling has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Sheffield Wednesday drew 1-1 with Huddersfield in the Yorkshire derby.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute.
Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute from time.
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
The highly-anticipated blockbuster saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds on Ticketmaster last week.
Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with 'Midnight Train To Georgia' singer Gladys Knight.
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman appeared to blame scandal on ‘institutional racism’
Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism within East London borough of Tower Hamlets.
His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
Body cam vision shows officers saving several victims from a flipped Holden Commodore.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night.
The vision was captured at a known hoon-hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast.
Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital.
Reading will play Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of the Championship club.
The 73-year-old is a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian Games.
Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady'
She became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home.
She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs.
Vox Populi Registry Ltd. began accepting registrations using '.sucks' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars.
Customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in vending machines and at a cinema in Paris.
The 42-year-old actress, who founded lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon.
Gwyneth will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for New York's food banks.
Javier Hernandez scored Real Madrid's late winner against Atletico Madrid.
The on-loan striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own.
Thierry Henry feels the forward owes all the credit to his team-mate.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to Syria to join ISIS.
The 17-year-old is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006.
He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
Both families have reported the boys missing to police but British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria from Turkey.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died.
But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption.
Gilmore's foster parents have since died, but Price said it was heartwarming to know that she grew up in a good home.
The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.
But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
She collapsed in her home in December and died in hospital a few days later.
Researchers from the University of Alberta in Canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all.
Their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones.
A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together.
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip would be 'wasted'
Former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates.
But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power.
She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'
On Thursday night, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity, Michelle Obama once again busted some moves.
In a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2, the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move.
It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
Crystal clear waters have revealed a number of haunting hulls belonging to ships that succumbed to the perils of Lake Michigan over the centuries.
The unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting, unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the Great Lake.
Images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the U.S. Coast Guard, who had a perfect view of normally obscured wreckage.
Brian Stow was attacked outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011.
The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months.
Two men jumped and punched Mr Stow until he fell to the ground.
They continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic until he was unconscious.
Mr Stow has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to stop kissing.
He warned that if they ignored his request, he would throw them out.
But Judge John Spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay the fine.
Also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay $5,000 civil penalty.
Ben Flower was sent off in last year's Grand-Final against St Helens.
Flower was handed a six-month ban for twice punching Lance Hohaia.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane has urged Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive'
Wane says Flower is in a'very good state of mind' after a long enforced pre-season.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week.
Most of them claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising Middle East.
Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by jihadis.
The Venus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe.
It costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites.
The grips mean that the tool doesn't get slippery in the sweatiest situations.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath.
He got into a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago with his girlfriend.
Mr Young mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner'
But Mr Hicks objected and continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump.
Hicks suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother.
More than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year, the biggest total since records began in 1971.
The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition.
At the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84million in the quarter to February, the lowest for almost seven years.
Alexander Meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward will have surgery on his patellar tendon.
Meier tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club.
North was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off on May 1 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the mega-bout went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3pm.
Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs.
Late last night, a ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on the StubHub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.
For 20 years the farmer would sit on the reptile's back while he chatted to him, and never once felt as though he was in danger.
Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns for years.
Mr Tabone spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature, in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill the croc.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open.
The Leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and £85,000 in prize money.
Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson, who lies 55 places below him in the rankings.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011.
For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was hit from behind by cyclist in Bermondsey, London.
The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead.
Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today.
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online.
Men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media.
Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
The Magpies are just nine points above the relegation zone.
John Carver insists his side have'six cup finals' left to play.
Scottish government figures show 205 seals were legally killed in Scottish waters last year.
Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona.
After a police search that lasted more than an hour, the brothers were pulled from the water.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday.
Mr Hawley was a father to four children, all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia before their 2007 split.
His brother, David, said he doesn't 'understand' the death of his 'fit and healthy' brother.
He described Mr Hawley as a 'bit of a fitness fanatic' who was known to lead a healthy and active lifestyle.
Steven Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn.
Robbie Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to focus on him.
Fowler believes Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool to develop his game.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach.
The former St Mirren boss looks set to take over at Alloa Athletic.
Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, of Apopka, Florida, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing Trinity Bachmann.
Her blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Trinity was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when she was killed, police said.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries.
She uses prosthetics to create convincing injuries such as severed toes.
Her gory Instagram profile has attracted almost 3,000 followers.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
The Bolton left-back has been forced to cut short his career.
Tierney was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to injury.
Sharon Freundel gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal.
In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom.
The 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February.
He is set to be sentenced in May.
Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's Galaxy S6, which goes on sale on April 10th.
Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new handset than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.
She can't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
Bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Elizabeth Stewart is the stylist behind Aussie stars Cate Blanchett and Margot Robbie.
Jeannan Williams is Naomi Watts' longtime stylist.
Elrich also styles Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Allison Williams.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month.
Evans faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying.
The 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday.
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies.
The 29-year-old England seamer is back in Test contention after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury.
Plunkett managed 18 wickets in four Tests prior to that.
Gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste in Walsham-le-Willows.
The mounds of rubbish will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up.
PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, said it is the worst he's seen in 28 years.
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'
The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night's trip to Leicester City at St George's Park.
Drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the Premier League title with two more victories.
Frances Bean Cobain spoke to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck.
The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the Nirvana frontman committed suicide, which she describes as being 'abandoned in the most awful way possible'
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out.
When we cook at home the majority of us (55%) rely on burgers or mince.
One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961.
Win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.
Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying.
But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965.
Mrs Nicholson was declared bankrupt as tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband's wealth.
More than 4,000 people lined the streets of Dereham, Norfolk, to wave goodbye to the Light Dragoons.
The regiment is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire, after 15 years.
They will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after more than a decade in the town.
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig in New Jersey.
The 21-year-old is one of the few athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
VanZant was declared the winner by lop-sided scores.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off.
Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy a day after the crash.
Landon is now a lecturer in communications at RMIT University in former Saigon, renamed Ho Chi Minh City after the war.
Photographs were taken by the Stasi - East Germany's secret police - during the 40 year existence of the East German state.
They were used as evidence in the show trials against those caught trying to escape the Communist regime.
Photographer Arwed Messmer found the remarkable photos in a box at the Stasis Archive in Berlin, where mile upon mile of yellowing paperwork now reside.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters' home in the classic 1970s TV series.
The great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986.
She plans to vote for Nick Hurd, the incumbent Conservative MP for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner, on May 7.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Serie A on Saturday to move 15 points clear.
Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken.
Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona against Valencia.
Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 to move top of Ligue 1.
Matej Vydra opened the scoring for Watford in the 26th minute.
Adlene Guedioura doubled the lead shortly after the break.
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning.
They spent six months and $30,000 working on the life-like effigy of the former NSA whistle-blower, who has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013.
The statue appeared just hours after HBO aired comedian John Oliver's interview with Snowden on his weekly show Last Week Tonight.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.
The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
Stuart McCall has led his team to three consecutive victories in the Scottish Championship.
The Rangers boss has warned Lee McCulloch he is not 'undroppable'
McCall has warned his players they may have to wait for new deals.
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.
But astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
He says a planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior.
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders.
On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he saw the snake.
He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box.
RSPCA officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home.
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members.
A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers.
Jonathan Trott returns to the England set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness.
The batsman has impressed since returning for Warwickshire and the England Lions.
Dr Steve Peters says there is no magic cure for Trott's problems.
Prime Minister ate hotdog with cutlery during a visit to Poole, Dorset.
He was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine with a knife and fork.
Cameron insists he will not change the way he acts or speaks to win voters.
The 'coupon election' came in 1918, while critics branded the 1929 vote the 'flapper election'
With just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election'
Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix.
The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record.
Ecclestone maintains F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan.
Brooklyn Nets beat Portland Trail Blazers in only game on NBA schedule.
Brooklyn's Brook Lopez led the way with 32 points and nine rebounds.
Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Manny Pacquiao will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
The Filipino boxer wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino.
Kimmel sang an excerpt of the song for his walk-out music.
Pacquiao thanked Kimmel on Twitter and in a video.
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013.
But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.
She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups.
The emotional reunion was caught on camera, with Nina Louise happily greeting Morris and her husband.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon.
The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm, prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
Rob Vance, of Skywriting Services Australia, took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military.
Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq, brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012.
Smith said the general assigned to address her complaint also sang the sexist songs with the airmen regularly and she did not hear back from him.
The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev found guilty of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon.
The 21-year-old kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read.
Tsarnaev's conviction was widely expected, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay.
PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old.
Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building.
He was found on third-floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel near Rockefeller Center.
Tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on business trip.
NYPD said they were treating death as suicide and are not treating it as suspicious.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina has been viewed more than half a million times online.
The video shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico, with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
Mr Weston said the dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner.
A man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night.
He was overheard complaining that the music was a 'disgrace' and that the show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
The man was escorted out by a security guard.
It was the ninth time Ellery has showcased her wares at MBFWA.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day.
But the magma chamber lying beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels, so researchers have been searching for an alternative source.
Now, by tracking seismic waves, a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon.
The movement and structure of these waves could then be used to map the earth beneath.
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a deal for Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years.
He crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat.
The journey took him through Australia, New Zealand, Europe, India, the US and Canada - though he said the highlight was the Andes mountains.
An injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide.
RSPCA says he has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car.
He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife.
Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
The last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the train arrived at the Waller crossing, 87 kilometers from the end of the 'Hell of the North' race.
SNCF slammed the riders for an 'extremely grave an irresponsible action'
John Degenkolb, winner of the race, was among the group who went through barrier as it closed.
Kevin Pietersen took a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for Surrey.
Pietersen was in a jovial mood as he sat at the end of the team photo.
Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics.
He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the Men's +100kg.
Mr Keita claims his coaches told him he 'embarrassed' his country.
After three months sleeping rough he handed himself in to authorities.
While there he made two requests for asylum, both of which were rejected.
But he was released in March 2014 and has since been coaching judo in Stoke.
Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team.
Buffon has played with Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
The Juventus goalkeeper has also played with Roberto Carlos, Paolo Maldini and Fabio Cannavaro.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms.
The signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room.
Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes and 24-hour private butler service to keep customers feeling pampered.
12 of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing.
One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call.
Details emerged in a report broadcast last night by ITV News.
A poll by YouGov has revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl.
Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK.
Americans favour distinctively prominent royal names, with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent and Elizabeth and Victoria tying at 12 per cent.
George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday.
He has chronicled conflicts in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.
Gittoes will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney.
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos.
Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.
Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, have finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards each other on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight.
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo.
Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998.
FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Dutch FA head Michael van Praag, and former Portugal international Luis Figo are standing against him.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.
In the first four months of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations.
Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays.
EasyJet has seen a 19% increase in cancellations, while this year has already seen 245.
Trevor Vale posted a five-minute video on his social media account on Tuesday.
The Geelong man was on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne.
He became frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs.
Mr Vale said he is inspired by his wife's service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country.
A Royal Night Out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945.
The Queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness'
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names.
But it became infected and she was left with a gruesome black hole in her leg.
She had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week.
Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program.
When she received the kidney March 26, the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from San Diego to Boston who have loved ones in need.
On the day of Neyen's transplant, eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants.
Noelle Baynham, 61, was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door.
She had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
It is believed the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice.
As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years.
But when it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing out the ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their
Yaphank, Long Island, was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics.
Camp Siegfried was founded in 1935 by the American Nazi group, the German American Bund.
The Bund in Yaphank organized military demonstrations where they waved both the American and Nazi flags.
Cats and People cafe based in Moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.
Alternatively, those who do not have a cat can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room.
All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Carole Middleton and Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo are also on standby.
Pippa Middleton, 31, will be close at hand when the baby arrives.
Carole has a central role in Kate's life and was among first to meet Prince George.
The baby is likely to spend time at the Middletons' £4.5m country pile.
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
Grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters.
To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
Early theories claimed this mysterious region, roughly 1,600 miles (2,600km) across, was created by an asteroid impact.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000.
The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states  for women.
It was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage met Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory.
The 62-year-old Hungarian spoke no English and struggled to make small talk.
Mr Farage is touring the country hoping to show how Britain can cope without Europe.
He has previously railed against the number of people from elsewhere in Europe working in the UK.
George and Amal Clooney submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema.
The couple's £10m Grade-II listed Berkshire abode will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school.
He has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images.
Naumi trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim, and revealed he encountered rituals and traditions that he’d never seen before.
An alleged online sex offender has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.
Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16.
In some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
The Queen raced her filly Ring of Truth at Newbury Racecourse today.
The 88-year-old monarch appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box.
Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner.
Mike Ashley has bought a plot of land in Chelsea for £200million.
The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School as part of the project.
Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire.
Andy Goode accused Christian Wade of having 'bad values' for dropping out of a charity event for the Matt Hampson Foundation.
The event was named after the former England U21 prop.
Wade pulled out because of an injury rehabilitation session the following morning.
Wasps’ European exit highlighted the financial gulf between English and French clubs.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women.
They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness.
Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against West Indies before any sort of decision is made.
Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century.
Trott was very much in the mould of South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night.
Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near Provodnikov's left eye early in the second.
The Argentinian said he just wanted to rest but talked up a fight with Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao next.
Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Mourinho demands that the likes of Oscar work hard on their defensive roles.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio's Mangueira favela.
He took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three.
The Jamaican sprinter is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful.
Schofield is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others.
The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for.
his crimes, starting next Tuesday, the day after the 2015.
marathon takes place.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them.
Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development.
Archway asked a judge to quash Communities Secretary Eric Pickles' decision to confirm the CPO on the grounds that it was 'unlawful and invalid'
The Metal Works was denied permission to appeal but were allowed to directly ask Court of Appeal judges to reconsider the case.
Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane in the
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers.
From miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon.
Andy Jordan shot to fame on Made In Chelsea with Ollie Proudlock.
The reality TV star has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear.
He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts.
When he tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.
He said in a thick Maine accent: 'You look at me. I am stuck in this cah'
Leslie Cooper, 36, will be charged over the suspected murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
Second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder him.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut on Wednesday when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure.
As an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness, and three lost consciousness, the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes.
Despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya.
She failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days.
The 13-year-old wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
She added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage 'whichever way possible'
Peter Alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership.
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
But the Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.
The bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine.
Film is co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived.
Despite freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.
Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout'
It was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott.
The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive.
A spokeswoman for Mortein said the post has since been removed.
With just 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck.
Latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent.
But bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories.
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds.
He then grafts them together to form ultra-tough joints.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces.
The 39-year-old is currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning.
Their mother Akon Guode sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8.
Mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust.
She says seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'
Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
He faces a possible three to 15 years in jail if convicted.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez's Extra programme on Wednesday.
The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2 to be interviewed at the show’s base at Universal Studios.
Just that morning Pac-Man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his Los Angeles base.
Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations.
Five per cent of residents in Newcastle called in pest inspectors last year.
The North East city was followed by the City of London where 4.9 per cent reported problems.
In Knowsley, Merseyside, 3.4 per cent were forced to call in exterminators.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both.
In 2007 Barack Obama had an on-stage cameo with Google's then-CEO Eric Schmidt as part of a presidential candidate series.
Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby in a high chair.
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women.
A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'
Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
West was arrested and charged withmenacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after shooting her third husband while he was sleeping in 2013.
Decades before, in 1985, Colleen Harris shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten.
Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday night.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brought down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty.
Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma equalised for the hosts with a penalty just three minutes on the clock.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts on the website.
There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (£321)
Fans can also buy a shirt in the colours black or white.
Gunfights broke out and.
vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a.
leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area.
Authorities said by the afternoon the situation was brought under control.
David Curry, 49, was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth.
He was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing £40 Adidas trousers.
Pub chain has apologised but said no-tracksuit policy has been in place since 2013.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain.
This increases the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination.
It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age, study found.
Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat.
Destiny's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend.
It was the first time Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at Super Bowl in 2013 in New Orleans.
Beyonce and Kelly joined Michelle to surprise the crowd,and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song 'Alpha & Omega' and the hit single 'Say Yes' from Michelle's 'Journey To Freedom' CD.
The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced by their individual names
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team.
The flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game.
Burger will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday off the back of a performance against Harlequins at Wembley last Saturday.
Claudia Alende, 21, launched scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho.
Claims she has'revealed who she truly is' by posting racy picture on Good Friday.
The image was accompanied with a prayer which read: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
Ms Alende claims she has been left'shocked and ashamed' by her rival's risqué stunt.
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer.
Police say they discovered he'd been fooling a pre-teen girl into sending him inappropriate photos of herself by posing as a young girl on social media.
Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
Doctors have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back.
His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
Bruce Davis' record shows there is'some evidence' he is dangerous and shouldn't be freed, Superior Court Judge William C. Ryan wrote in a decision filed Wednesday.
Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972.
The judge said he gave broad deference to Brown's discretion and that the governor's decision in August didn't amount to cruel or unusual punishment.
Robbie Fowler names his all-star team for FIFA 15 Ultimate Team.
Fowler names Peter Schmeichel, Paolo Maldini, Roberto Carlos and Frank de Boer.
Paul Mason, 54, lost 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010.
But the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of excess skin.
He wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off.
David Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.
He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park.
Ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation.
It will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87.
Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday.
Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year.
This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon.
The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open.
Murray met Berdychy at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
It was a match that had everything, with even Kim Sears uttering profanities in the direction of the Czech powerhouse.
Diego Costa limped off during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Blues striker pulled up with a hamstring injury after 10 minutes.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001.
He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter.
Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released.
Pep Guardiola blames his side's Champions League quarter-final first-leg defeat on injuries.
Porto take a two-goal advantage to Munich next Tuesday for the return leg of the last-eight clash.
Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for the hosts.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car.
Video shows Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past.
She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse.
The aspiring designer was mortally wounded and taken to University Medical Center where she died.
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep.
The gruesome campaign shows vegan lead guitarist of 'I Killed the Prom Queen,' Jona Weinhofen, holding a severed lamb alongside the words, 'here's the rest of your wool coat'
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday.
Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advert.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975.
The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared.
Marian had only been living in Australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to Matravill High School with her friend Tanya Davenport.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone.
The large amount of ammunition expended shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents.
According to a Freedom of Information request, at least 80,000, 105mm artillery shells were fired at Taliban positions.
Libby Jane Wilson was playing in a tunnel when the Jack Russell attacked her.
The toddler was left with two puncture marks on her face, narrowly missing her eye.
Her father Alex Knight heard her screaming and kicked the dog away from her.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Black Cats have won the last four meetings against their arch-rivals.
John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win against the Magpies.
John McCallum, 27, collided with Francesca Weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police.
The crash flipped Mrs Weatherhead's vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year.
McCallum was sentenced to 20-45 years in jail for the killing.
He had been paroled for a break-in and drug possession arrest in September 2013.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad.
The American troops returned fire, killing the Afghan soldier, whom Sherzad identified as Abdul Azim, from Laghman province.
Aaron Hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded.
Earlier today, the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
Following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas.
Froch pulled out of the fight with a shoulder injury.
Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday.
The Hollywood siren called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week.
Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached 20st after snacking on junk food.
She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks.
But after ditching the snacks Leanne has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st.
It wasn't until she broke down in a shop changing room when she couldn't squeeze into their largest dress that she finally resolved to lose weight.
Juventus have made an early move for Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Italy.
The Palermo striker has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Arsenal.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday.
Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels'
It said children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.
PomeGreat ‘Super Juice’ had 12.1g and Old Jamaica Ginger Beer had 15g.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black.
Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.
A video in which a female commuter is groped on The Underground.
The uncomfortable footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male.
He gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her.
Every time he steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'Would you report it?'
Aldi increased its share of premium ale market by a third.
Tesco still has the biggest share of the lucrative market, which has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year.
But Aldi is luring customers away from Tesco, offering a smaller range but cheaper prices.
Rory McIlroy persuaded some of golf's biggest stars to take part in his foundations tournament.
US Open champion Martin Kaymer, former world number one Luke Donald and American Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed confirmed their participation.
McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down from May 28-31.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car outside their Phoenix home on Monday.
Police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep.
Koryor is said to have admitted to drinking in the afternoon and going to sleep inside the home.
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, carried out the attack.
He went back to Ian Garrod's home in Medway for sex in September last year.
When the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat.
Dunn, who was high on Class A Mephedrone, fled with victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim, but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound.
Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off.
Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for 2016 summer games in Rio.
The Belfast boys are currently on a road trip to Maiquetia, northern Venezuela.
Barnes is an undefeated 6-0 and Conlan is a two-time Olympic medallist.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course.
Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute.
Neville said it was an 'absolute stonewall penalty'
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday.
The 26-year-old was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
Her fiancée, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday.
Ms Scott's father Robert said he has contemplated the afterlife since Ms Scott's shocking death, but is confident that his daughter is in 'the best possible place'
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Newcastle are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away.
Dick Advocaat has hinted he is working on a six-game rescue plan.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months.
The crooks stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Birmingham.
Lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car sped away.
Forensic experts discovered Lundie's DNA inside the vehicle.
They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups.
Money is needed to pay for Trust's staff, branding materials and PR.
Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate.
Dylan and her husband Paul, 44, confirmed to People on Wednesday that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell.
Former friend says he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Lynch, 34, is in constant communication with more than 400 'friends'
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said.
Bayern Munich have a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
But a repeat of their Porto horror-show could see them dumped out.
Real Madrid will feel like they have got over their biggest hurdle.
Juventus are living proof that the art of defending Italian-style is alive.
Green party advert features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband.
The video is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.
Delta flight from Paris to Newark was diverted to Boston on Wednesday.
Two people were taken to hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries.
Flight 271 was carrying 180 passengers and 11 crew members.
One passenger said it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'
Sir David Nicholson is latest expert to warn Ed Miliband's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.
He was branded the 'Man with No Shame' after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Pippa Middleton said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies.
Yoomi's self-warming bottle promises to warm a baby's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds.
Gerry the Giraffe attaches to car seat, cribs and baby bouncers to rock the baby for up to 30 minutes - just enough time to get your nails done.
Billy Vunipola has been called before a Rugby Football Union disciplinary panel after being cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head on Saturday.
The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park.
Vuipola's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday.
Temperatures this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures.
Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
Met Office has a severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
Comes after Britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts.
Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play.
The comments come after the Food Safety Information Council released a food safety report card as part of World Health Day on April 7.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people.
All those in the study had older siblings.
Some of the elder children had autism and some did not.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid.
Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event.
George Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around.
Osborne did not consider throwing in the towel, but he knew that he had to break out of his Treasury bunker.
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent today.
Mrs Cameron chatted with a young boy and his mother at the temple.
Visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go before the election.
Comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.
They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.
Ten of these would be deemed ‘not at risk’, two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’
It follows a conservation ‘success story’ that raised numbers to 90,000.
But experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds'
McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo in July.
Mayweather is currently training for his $300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Atletico Madrid.
The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece.
But it was a different story before the game as Ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a young supporter.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government.
The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season.
Chelsea want at least £10million for the Czech Republic international.
But Carlo Cudicini believes the 32-year-old would be a good fit at Arsenal.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation.
While Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.
The victim's identity has not been released.
Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument.
Figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers' money paid to dentists for NHS work.
Five practitioners were paid more than £500,000 in 2012/13.
They shared a total of about £3.4million – an average of £690,000.
Campaigners said the payments were'scandalous' and 'unacceptable'
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of England cricket.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ECB.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have both registered their interest.
Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear lingerie.
The lingerie and loungewear collection is priced between £14 and £85.
Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
The 23-year-old defender was in the same predicament as the young winger in 2012 when he chose the Three Lions despite having played for Finland.
Jenkinson is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season.
The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability.
The list price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on their failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly'
The concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.
The picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’
He accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him.
Redknapp left the club in February citing knee problems.
Sean Goss opened the scoring for Manchester United in the 32nd minute.
Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes.
Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute with a rib injury.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent.
He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012.
His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues led to them being sacked and charged with fraud.
It was only when Mason pleaded guilty in September that the case against them was dropped at the Old Bailey.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud.
New book claims he put pressure on Israeli model to sleep with him.
He is said to have met dealer Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997.
Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend.
Dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong.
The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer's command before getting into position.
Looking up at Eric in excitement, the dog waits for him to say 'one' and complete a press-up before following suit and completing one of its own.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
About a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes'
Brown was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken in 1989.
The Celtic skipper seized the ball and took a throw-in that should have gone the other way.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March.
Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart.
It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US.
While in the UK the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92.
By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.
The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State.
Kentucky finished the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since 1975-76.
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spine.
The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery.
But he and his wife Kate have been told they are not eligible.
They are trying to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs.
Couple were told that because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive grant.
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today.
Obama's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
The match is billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history.
Kenny Bayless has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights.
Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from the appointment.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
The 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with Liverpool and Everton.
Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest.
Amanda Richards hit out at Lane Bryant's recent I'm No Angel lingerie campaign, which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant Victoria’s Secret.
The New York-based writer has taken to social media, posting photos of herself wearing the brand's lingerie to illustrate the problem.
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a vicious scrap.
The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller.
Despite the owl's more aggressive reputation, it came out the victor.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay.
He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but struggled.
A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and driver's licence.
Helinksi is now looking for permanent accommodation. His search is focused on a small apartment.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke on Sunday to find a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old son's mobile phone.
Garcia was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, Florida.
After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.
As she stopped the car, the teenager fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot.
Salford City clinched Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points.
Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town.
The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory at Huddersfield.
Wolves and Brentford will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy with victory against Coventry.
Judy Murray was strictly on the sidelines when Andy Murray and Kim Sears had their first dance on Saturday night.
The former Strictly Come Dancing star left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix House Hotel, following their wedding at Dunblane Cathedral in the afternoon.
Judy's mother, Shirley Erskine, 80, admitted the wedding of Andy, 27, to his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears, also 27, had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful'
England's withdrawal from the Victory Shield for Under 16s has worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations.
Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke.
This is seen as another example of FA ‘arrogance’ following the English telling FIFA they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries.
Pasco County Sheriff's Office reported it has received death threats.
Footage showed Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog while responding to call.
Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him.
He then turned his gun on the other which ran off.
The horrified owner, Carla Gloger, appeared moments later and shouted at the officer: 'They're not even vicious'
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters at some point to complete the career grand slam.
McIlroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles.
The 25-year-old is hoping to emulate the likes of Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods.
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington.
Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.
Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight.
Wander on the Isle of Wight and visit the Cotswolds Olimpicks.
The Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night.
ITV pundit Roy Keane described Luiz's performance as looking 'lost'
Keane said he felt sorry for Luiz, who 'doesn't smell danger'
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Frank Abagnale, 66, posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot in the 2002 Steven Spielberg film Catch Me If You Can.
He was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the film about his misspent youth as a conman.
But the conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting Tuesday night.
The state's largest teacher's union is calling him out for his 'bullying' behavior.
'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association said.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War.
The complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s.
The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo.
Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and hope.
Anna Moser's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident.
Giles was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles.
Zbigniew Huminski was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe.
38-year-old appeared before a judge on Friday night and was indicted.
He was on his way to England on Wednesday from Calais when he struck.
His lawyer Antoine Deguines said: 'He did not speak to the judge, as his right'
Thousands are expected to take to the streets of Calais on Saturday to pay tribute to Chloe.
Light general aviation aircraft approaches the Aero Acres residential airpark and touches down without its landing gear deployed.
The plane's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact.
Suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air.
The 50-year-old Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby.
Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010.
Sarah Reign, 26, gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.
She says fans love to watch her enjoying food; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter.
Miss Reign now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady.
Arsenal moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place.
They kept the pressure up on leaders Chelsea, as they held on to beat a spirited Burnley at Turf Moor.
Aaron Ramsey's early goal put them ahead and Burnley didn't create too many clear-cut chances.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife.
His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'" and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police.
Police say they shot him with an 'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
Survey of 1,000 people from across the country found 64 per cent of adults think they spend more when they shop with friends.
The main reasons for this were said to be'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy'
Manchester City want more English players in their starting line-up.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets.
City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's Raheem Sterling.
Swansea City are interested in signing Schalke full back Christian Fuchs.
The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League.
Austria international Fuchs is renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the Nazi commander.
Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds.
Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester.
They had bought the drug from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web'
Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths.
He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds.
It did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne.
He referred to air stewardesses as'sweethearts' while in character as Dapper Laughs.
The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member she was 'gagging for a rape'
O'Reilly resurrected his 'ultimate lad' character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work 'isn't finished' yet.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman.
Graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.
Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week.
There are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Froch.
Paul Smith-Andre Ward is in the pipeline, Anthony Dirrell vs Badou Jack and James DeGale is the biggest bout of this trio.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled Liverpool's new home strip on Friday.
The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance, who struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal.
Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer.
John O'Connor, former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, said the fire and the raid could be linked.
The former detective said the power outage and proximity of the burglary was far more than a coincidence.
He said: 'I've never heard of an outage of electricity like that causing a fire that lasted as long as that. That seems to me as too much of a coincidence'
Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan has never lost a piece of luggage.
Staff places suitcases on carousels with handles facing outwards.
Asian airports accounted for seven of the top 10 airports for baggage handling.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday.
He was charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempted to use a weapon of mass destruction.
Booker, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season.
Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about his future.
The West Ham striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed staff member's laptop without permission.
Used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing.
Green was arrested on Wednesday and detained at Land O'Lakes Detention Center.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.
The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits.
Teachers say they are now being forced to spy on children during discussions.
National Union of Teachers says Prevent is'shutting down debate' in schools.
Teachers fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share opinions.
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a woman following the drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday.
Police pulled over an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway just before 1pm.
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, discovered the note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio.
The note read: 'You should be ashamed! When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Harley's mother Corinna took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s.
At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
The four-bedroom home is divided into two levels and exposed beams run throughout the building.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times, taking the search for the special ring global.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month.
Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
The parents, both of Cincinnati, could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges.
Billy Spears posed for the photo with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin.
Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with Marouane Fellaini.
The 27-year-old has been in brilliant form for United in recent weeks.
Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with knee ligament damage.
The 19-year-old impressed in the Merseyside derby on February 6.
Brendan Rodgers will include him in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday.
Mario Balotelli has been sidelined for the last two games with illness.
Baltimore Orioles beat Boston Red Sox in ten innings at Camden Yards on Saturday night.
After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside the stadium.
Spectators at the game, with a reported attendance of 36,757, were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so.
Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff.
Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
The bodies of four people were found in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself.
Officers found a handgun near the man's body and are not seeking a suspect.
Thiago Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final this week.
The French champions beat PSG 4-0 in the group stages of the competition.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters.
The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)
The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT)
Messenger is expected to smash into the planet's surface at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s)
Hibernian would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under SPFL rules.
Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash profits levied from play-offs finalists from 50% to 25 per cent.
The issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini says people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web.
Private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends.
The only way to be 100 per cent sure that you don't have a digital footprint is not to have any digital photos taken but this isn't a road the vast majority of people want to go down.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham Hotspur winger followed up the goal by hitting Twitter.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness.
She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram.
The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
Bath lost their first two games in the European Champions Cup.
Ian Madigan was perfect from the tee to hand Leinster the victory.
George Ford scored one try and created anotehr in a superb performance.
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum.
The watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap.
UK buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the watch may want to snap up an Apple Watch on holiday, because Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one.
Nigel Farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win seat.
Private poll put Conservatives on course to retain Thanet South seat by small margin.
But Ukip MEP Diane James insists party would carry on without Farage.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in Norfolk pond in 1988.
She was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket.
The boy's mother, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide.
DNA samples led police to the boy's mother, who remains on bail.
Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to his family.
Danny Ings' Real Sociedad contract expires in the summer.
Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest.
Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the collapse.
The fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building.
It is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms £40million.
The eagle gatecrashed a football team’s training session and enjoyed a solo kick-about.
The eagle is captured standing over a football and giving it a peck.
After standing and shaking its head, the big bird moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot.
As the ball rolls away the members of the North Shore Football Club can be heard laughing.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester.
He spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of window and shouted 'watch this'
Hamilton sped down road and overtook cars'recklessly'
Moments later, he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64.
Mr Knight died instantly from his injuries at the scene on Stroud Road.
Hamilton abandoned the car nearby then fled the city and denied any involvement.
Police were searching for Jon Jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident.
The pregnant woman broke her arm in the crash in southeastern Albuquerque.
Jones ran from the scene but then returned for the cash, police said.
Officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as MMA and rental car documents in Jones' name, according to the police report.
Rides at Flambards theme park in Cornwall will be measured over Easter period.
Reading on 'fright' decibels of rollercoaster will be recorded as row develops over new housing estate.
Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Leicester have won back-to-back matches in the Premier League.
Nigel Pearson insists the Foxes are not taking anything for granted.
The Foxes will escape the drop zone if they beat Swansea and Burnley fail to win at Everton.
A young English cricket fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on Twitter.
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
Vonda Thedford, 55, said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.
When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
The legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in Puerto Rico, where many local farmers claimed
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored for Borussia Dortmund.
The win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe.
Dortmund had lost their two previous Bundesliga matches against Borrusia Monchengladbach and Bayern Munich.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday.
During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.
James hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court.
Just before the shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
A man from central Queensland has been charged with torture.
A 29-year-old man was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital with fractures, head injuries and burns.
The victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-final.
Real Madrid and Juventus will meet in the last four on June 6.
Barcelona and Bayern Munich are both better teams than Juventus or Real Madrid.
Labour shadow minister Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derby.
He was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in election.
The Labour MP was stunned by the statement, which Ukip claimed shows the schoolboy had been 'drinking in propaganda'
The mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign'
The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
The victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit.
The toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
The youngster slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware, as seen in a video on the People's Daily Online.
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'because my life is saturated with it'
Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer.
Smith revealed on Twitter last October that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy.
She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft.
For her first assignment back, Smith will head to Hawaii and be with Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people.
She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him'
The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood yesterday.
The seedy motel was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its passing resemblance to the motel in the Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece 'Psycho'
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport.
Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old.
Poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist behaviour on buses and trains.
Jia Jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur he dug a hole in the garden.
He eventually made the journey by conventional means, and found a good life there.
But he wasn’t happy. He wanted to take risks, start his own company.
Russell Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
He urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives.
While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java, Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car.
Days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
It was eventually treated, via surgery, after two months of poor vision.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon.
She helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center in North Dakota.
Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist.
Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful'
She said: 'It's been over seven months since she went missing and we don't know anything about her'
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding a man.
He boasted about watching TV from prison and showing off his muscles.
Also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video shared online.
Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership.
They kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens.
Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work.
He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time contract next season.
Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
The 21-year-old spent time with the Durban-based Sharks in South Africa.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, from Charleston, South Carolina, started learning to play Taylor Swift's music when she was 15.
The University of South Carolina student can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, is recovering from Rhinoplasty.
The blogger has been sharing pictures and videos of her post-op holiday.
She is part of a $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment at Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache.
But after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son, Attley.
Instead, Tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility.
The pair turned up shortly after - but midway through the appointment, Attley started to create a fuss.
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park.
He launched a legal bid to overturn the fine, saying it was unfair.
But appeal court judges said the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision, accusing the judges of being 'out of touch'
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The driver used to date ex-Pussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.
A leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver.
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK'
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III.
Carter's defense attorney requested the case be moved out of Bristol County because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin.
But the district attorney's office has filed a response arguing that the DA has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Roy had previously tried to commit suicide over a year earlier and was battling depression.
Hiroshi Ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for Minolta.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe.
The contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their iPad, ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month.
They were hospitalized after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in Mississippi.
Brothers were placed in medically-induced comas and put on life support.
Now, their mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke the drug.
She said: 'Seeing my sons in hospital was 10 times worse than what those photos show'
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry.
The journalist from Brooklyn, New York, went undercover to meet with an agent in India who offered to get her a baby in two to three months.
But the agent eventually offered to sell Gianna and her team the baby over dinner.
Commercial surrogacy in India costs nearly one-sixth the amount it would in the Western World.
In the US, surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100,000.
Kyle Iveson, 24, demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, 54.
He tried to disguise his identity by lowering his voice.
But she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police.
Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week.
England have not won away from home since 2012.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack.
Moeen Ali is a good spinner for England, even though he looked rusty.
Mark Wood seems to have that different trajectory which should suit overseas pitches.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved.
But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing.
Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs.
Others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves.
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families.
Rent posh private apartments in some of the world’s most glamorous cities.
Airbnb.com claims 800,000 listings in towns and cities worldwide.
Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at Medway Magistrates' Court.
They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.
He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Aidan Turner's Poldark co-star Heida Reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist.
The Icelandic actress, 27, said Turner was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.
Catholic Church figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London.
Prime Minister insisted Coalition had spent five years 'trying to lift people up'
Comes as Michael Gove claims Christians are being dismissed with condescension.
Six weeks ago, Church provoked row with ministers by publishing unprecedented guide to how country’s 30million Christians should ‘approach the General Election’
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess.
24-year-old was a member of gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs.
Officers seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided'stash house' in Brent, north west London.
Beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23, for a total of 31 years at Blackfriars Crown Court, London, on Wednesday.
Rafa Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham.
The Spaniard has won the Champions League, Europa League and Coppa Italia.
Benitez is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented Peugeot into Club Liv in Manchester.
Totton, who survived a gangland assassination attempt in 2006, was refused entry.
He then drove up to the club doors at a low speed before nudging them.
Judge at Manchester Crown Court refused to accept Totton's claims the attack was meant as a joke, and instead handed him a suspended prison sentence and banned him from driving for three years.
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in Spain this week bearing a striking resemblance to James Alexandrou.
The actor is best known for his role as Martin Fowler in Eastenders.
Other unlikely double acts include TV hard man Ross Kemp, 50, who played Grant Mitchell in the long-running soap.
Mr Yuan was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since.
None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
Order was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested.
WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians.
Order is one of the only copies of Doenitz's dispatch known to exist today.
It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams.
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU.
Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The 33-year-old skippered Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere.
A 26-year-old man has been attacked by a Great White shark in South Australia.
The man was surfing 350 metres offshore near Right Point on the south-western side of Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park, when he was attacked.
Shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was taken to hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment on Saturday.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback.
Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
Martin Vargic, a graphic designer from Slovakia, has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE.
He used data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars, he has estimated how they will change between.
The results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely.
Some hospitals are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye.
It raises suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone.
The accident in Mendocino County is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia.
It is believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe.
FC United of Manchester's Broadhurst Park is nearing completion.
The 5,000-capacity stadium cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m.
It is a ground for the fans, paid for by the fans.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph.
It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20am in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident.
She told police that the £55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye.
Lennon, who is on loan to Everton, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all.
The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition.
Kathie Lee Gifford said on Today on Monday
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City.
This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5.
Dr. Brandt was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff, on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Fey has won eight Emmy awards for her work on 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 sold out within a minute of going on sale.
Just minutes after 8pm, tickets for the richest bout in boxing history began appearing on the secondary market.
One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $128,705 (£85,508) on StubHub.
Tickets for the weigh-in go on sale on Friday at 3pm from the MGM Resorts Box Office at a cost of $10 (£6.50) per head with a limit of 10 per person.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone.
At his heaviest he would avoid sitting in chairs in fear of breaking them.
He went to Zumba once a week and now runs his local Slimming World class.
The determined pair have now shed a combined weight of 29 stone.
The video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups.
He then rotates through the various hairstyles.
The video was initially uploaded to Reddit by the user named toper-centage.
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens.
He exclaimed: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’
While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl Poppy.
Mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.
Her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
Today Ms Hindle's partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning.
The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
European Space Agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help.
It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.
Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
Alice Dreger attended sex education class at East Lansing High School.
Her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand.
She began furiously tweeting out contents of the lesson - filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
School has taken no direct action against Ms Dreger for the tweets.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday.
The Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
Pelle joined from Feyenoord for a reported £9million.
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits 'the doors are open'
Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club.
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender.
When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today,' followed by three smiley faces.
However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Olivia Grant was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort in Phuket.
The resort has a series of minimalist villas with surround-sound systems.
Each has their own saltwater private infinity pool overlooking the Andaman Sea.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham.
Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.
A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Arctic Fire, ridden by Ruby Walsh, took a crashing fall at the final flight.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'
He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E.
He said: 'It really shows the level our society has been infiltrated'
Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and no longer held those views.
A fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert.
The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Simon Cowell.
Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travels to the cub’s location in his car.
He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free.
Juan Mata has scored two goals in his last five games for Manchester United.
The Spaniard was substituted by Jose Mourinho at Southampton last year.
Mata is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital and forced to leave her home.
The 92-year-old's family were under the impression she planned to sell the house.
But the charity Age UK cleared it out and allowed her to return.
Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed.
She says the worst thing was losing her beloved dog, who was given to a sanctuary.
Age UK has apologised and said it has reviewed its procedures.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans.
New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral kimonos.
Number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter.
The value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million.
Product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around.
Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item.
Former NSA chief General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault.
He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
The payments nexus of the major banks could also be paralysed.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics.
The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013.
She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer.
Michael Rogan, 42, died early on Friday after the accident near Cleveland, Wisconsin.
His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, gave birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection.
Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
AP McCoy finished third in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
The 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the Champion Jockey Trophy.
McCoy rode Box Office all the way to the line and took the congratulations of his fellow jockeys.
Two Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
Selenium is needed for the production of antibodies, important for a healthy immune system.
Almonds are high in fibre, too. Eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy.
The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line and beat him by a tenth of a second.
Kim Sei-young shot a three-under-par round of 69 on Saturday.
The South Korean led by two shots at halfway stage at Mission Hills Country Club.
But a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the dance on Instagram.
The Liverpool winger is currently out with a knee injury.
Ibe is expected to return in the next few weeks.
Tim Tebow will sign as a quarterback with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, ESPN's Adam Schefter reports.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized, reports say.
Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013.
He spent two full seasons training with noted throwing coach Tom House, who also worked with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a private funeral in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
The 84-year-old former Test captain was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne.
His wife had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
Following the funeral service, a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie's former cricket commentating colleagues.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off.
He crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence.
Greene was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, just west of the city's international airport.
The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Ross Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at Goodison Park.
Everton midfielder James McCarthy believes Barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him.
McCarthy said he thought Barkley was 'different class' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in February.
The cause of the collision remains unknown, but Alexa, Danielle and Julia Brody say that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened.
'I know who my mom was,' Alexa said, 'I know that she would never, never intentionally hurt people'
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012.
The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters.
Juan Bernat, Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over.
It is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes, David Villa and Fernando Torres.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for the 11-year-old continues.
South Korean defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on opponent Mu Kanazaki's face during a J-League clash with Sagan Tosu.
Hyeok was only shown a yellow card for the challenge that infuriated fans at the stadium.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of Champions League glory.
The Dutchman's side are eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane.
Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head on Easter Sunday at the M Resort in Las Vegas.
In a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, he said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free buffet pass.
Noble was reportedly upset because he had lost free buffet eating privileges he'd won from the casino in September 2010.
He sent a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse', wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned.
On Easter Sunday, just hours before he took his own life
Danny Alexander pictured knocking back drinks with Brooke Magnanti.
The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the Nip festival.
Mr Alexander was snapped with Ms Magnati - also known as Belle de Jour.
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
McGregor has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked on his chest.
The 26-year-old has also revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will make their final Open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship's 155-year history at St Andrews in July.
Faldo confirmed he will cross the famous Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course.
Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
The four-hole team event will be played on the eve of the championship on Wednesday, July 15.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall.
He will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from home in Chatham, Kent, to join ISIS.
She is believed to have been filmed leading al-Khanssaa Brigade in Syria.
Video appears to show mother-of-two leading fighters in hate-filled chanting.
Experts say it is the first'real evidence' that Jones is involved with brigade.
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.
Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent.
Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven.
Great forests of pines, cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides, often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at Dover.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins.
The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season, with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push.
McCall is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar'
Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH)
Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March.
The red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players.
Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment.
A note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
Two Ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at Dublin Airport.
Passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses to arrive.
The Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service to undergo inspections and any necessary repairs.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club.
Jenson Button failed to complete qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle.
Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to Child’s Play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position.
She was told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back.
Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”
It was not clear whether this was Crossland - or her mother Susan Crossland.
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death.
Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
But police commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
Batts addressed a news conference in Baltimore on Friday amid growing calls for him to step down.
Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world.
From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni, Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac.
Men should not drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title.
Former Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay.
Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge.
Rep Darrell Issa asked then Secretary of State Clinton about use of email.
But she didn't answer until after Clinton stepped down in February 2013.
Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign.
Luke Shambrook, 11, was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
He has been missing for four days and police are hopeful he is still alive.
The boy has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week.
Woods shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday.
Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round.
Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with a 68.
Documents compiled by Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber.
He wrote: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill?'
Documents include flightplan, eyewitness account and log books.
One plan shows how plane would approach Hiroshima, drop atom bomb.
Another shows the air burst at under half a mile up over the city.
Walter Scott had already been jailed three times for missing payments.
Court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday.
But there was no warrant out for his arrest, despite his last payment in 2012.
Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Sager, who has since been charged.
Scott Stephenson was due to be sentenced for stealing a phone from a man.
But he failed to turn up to a previous court hearing and was re-bailed.
He rifled through his 22-year-old victim's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4.
His victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold December day.
Stephenson and friend Dale Walker found him but took his phone and abandoned him.
The next morning the victim's body was discovered close to a playground.
Jaime Hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'
She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and that the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.
He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby and is serving a life sentence without parole.
Tipu Sultan, 32, was shot dead outside Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields.
The father-of-two was originally from Bangladesh with a gunshot wound.
Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area immediately after the shooting.
Police believe Mr Sultan was targeted deliberately.
The unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over.
Earlier this week SpaceX released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Barcelona host PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona this season.
Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' as his side prepare to face the Ligue 1 champions.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach.
The 49-year-old has coached the club for one season in 2009-10.
Labbadia's contract is also valid for the second division should Hamburg be relegated.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery.
Among them were pieces up to 3,500 years old.
The collection is expected to fetch up to £20,000 at Bonhams auction house.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited.
It was fitted with temperature sensors, resistance coils and two 2mm micro-fans.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in anti-freeze coils.
Optimal remains in low-power,'sleeping mode' the rest of the time to conserve battery.
Amited is launching an Indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down Harry Chapman.
Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper Matt Macey.
Alex Iwobi then equalised for Arsenal, netting his sixth goal in his last four games.
Dane Bowers, 35, accused of hitting Sophie Cahill, 31, in February.
The former Another Level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault.
He answered his police bail last Thursday and will appear before magistrates.
Swansea travel to Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Garry Monk's side are currently in eighth place with the best points total in sight.
Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull by picking up a point after an international break.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning.
She managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely.
Dixon said the fire happened before she knew it the whole roof had been engulfed in flames.
Don the border collie piloted a tractor across the M74 in South Lanarkshire.
The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.
Don escaped unhurt but the incident caused major tailbacks.
Traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license.
In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
He wrote that police were supportive of 'doing what is necessary to adequately protect our families and our homes'
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will cost US viewers up to $100.
The price represents almost a 40 per cent increase on the previous high of $64.95 (£43.83) for the fight against Canelo Alvarez in September 2013.
Sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on British shores.
Manchester City beat United 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney revealed that United's game plan was to exploit City's work-shy midfield.
Rooney also revealed that City fans were the loudest he'd ever heard them.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone.
Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first few months of university.
Spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
Was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told 'boys don't fancy fat girls'
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester.
He faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court.
The Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system.
Comes less than six months after she told head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date.
Benidorm, dating to the 1960s, wants the same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China.
Many Britons know the resort because of popular comedy Benidorm.
Spain already boasts more than 40 Unesco world heritage sites.
Ellie Laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her looks over her brains.
The SBS News and Current Affairs Director Jim Carroll was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists.
While Carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards, many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims.
The watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history.
ESPN's First Take anchor said he understood why Cari Champion disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
Smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach has taken a 'good vs. evil' approach to the fight, claiming Pacquiao represents good and Mayweather represents evil.
Boytoy, 25, is the lover of a Dominican woman in her late 30s.
She invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn.
The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in lingerie campaign.
Stars in the brand's new Dream Angels range of underwear.
The underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic, crisp whites.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup.
He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament.
Phillips was also with England in 1974, alongside Kevin Keegan.
Sunderland are under pressure to suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
Johnson, 27, has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch off lottery ticket.
The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday.
Her friend who gave it to her, however, has since died.
So she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1% of the black population in 1980.
But they made up 8.7% of group in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.
About 50% of black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean.
Immigrants from Central and South America account for most of remaining population.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004.
In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’
It was unclear whether Miss Flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with Mr Miliband, or embarrassed by the media coverage – or both.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall.
Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you for this'
Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job.
Nathan Allan de Souza will join Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense.
The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football.
Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe.
Claim was made by ex-girlfriend Sophie on Jeremy Kyle Show.
Sophie was outraged to find she also had the STD.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a Texas juvenile detention center in October 1980.
In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road.
For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen.
At the same time, detectives from the same Parish never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated in woods.
DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing Carol's DNA.
New attention to the case has brought forward
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children.
Many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius.
Some parents take away their child's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future.
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS.
This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year.
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
Chris Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February.
West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer.
Ramsey believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open.
The British No1 will marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
Murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the Serb.
Survey of 1,001 British Muslims found that one in four had sympathy.
Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for Jihadi John.
Six out of ten strongly condemned those who have joined ISIS.
One-third of Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons.
Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove.
The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people being told to evacuate.
By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Sarah Wilson opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness.
The 41-year-old said she came close to taking her own life.
Ms Wilson said depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked.
She thinks we need to acknowledge this link to be better equipped to tackle the increasing rate of Australian women being negatively affected by stress and anxiety.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning.
Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October and was remanded to appear in court on April 13.
Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
Adam Leheup, 34, met the 25-year-old woman on the 'Let's Date' app.
He arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar.
Leheup has pleaded not guilty to raping the woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead were extinguished.
But Theo Walcott believes the Gunners have been the 'best team in Europe'
The 26-year-old has struggled to maintain a first team place this season.
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia.
Emanuel was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election.
The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago.
Lord Janner is alleged to have sexually assaulted young men in 1970s and 1980s.
His alleged victims could bring civil claims against him, lawyer says.
The 86-year-old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges.
But he could still face civil action from complainants.
Lawyer Slater & Gordon representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner.
Sam Allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season.
Swansea boss Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement.
Allardyce has overseen a solid season in the league so far this term.
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne five times in the shoulder, chest and back three years ago.
Ms Silva pleaded not guilty to her partner's murder on the basis of self-defence, but after five days of deliberation, a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter.
Last month she walked free from court, free to tell of the four years of horror and warning other women not to make the same mistakes.
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone before her daughter Zaani was born.
The 30-year-old walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or a coat.
Police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge.
Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia.
She grabbed Stars and Stripes and refused to return it to student protesters.
Video footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her to the ground.
Manhart, a former Air Force Staff Sergeant, has come under fire before.
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.
Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise are to blame.
Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are high in sugar.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, claimed £20 horse had been left by its owner.
But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track her down.
They then took her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough, East Yorkshire.
Mother-of-one, 32, was accused of trying to shield the horse from CCTV.
Miss Craven is waiting to see if she will be charged, but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft.
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite advancing years.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often a darn sight better than the football.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause.
The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season.
Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform.
It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.
She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after Sabrina Moss was shot dead in Kilburn, north west London.
The 25-year-old then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder.
Miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette was blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun during the attack outside Woody Grill, in South Kilburn.
Hussain, 30, James and getaway driver Martell Warren, 23, were last year jailed for a total of 111 years after they were convicted of murder and attempted murder.
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten.
Girl's mother says school officials refused to remove boy from her daughter's class.
She says she has now had to move her daughter to another school.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences.
37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life.
Among those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamed Soltan.
Soltan has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light (Sunday, 4pm)
Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for the Magpies.
Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem.
Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery.
Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and The Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah would be taking over.
Stewart will be replaced by Noah, who has been accused of antisemitism for comments made about Jews in tweets dating back to 2009.
He said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
Fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat.
The investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
French president today said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy'
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for long weekend.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.
Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
37% of parents had not told their children how to dial 999, with 53% claiming they had never even considered teaching them.
But 46% insisted their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency.
Model letters drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages.
Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy'
Pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
Hull travel to Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Tigers are currently just three points above the relegation zone.
David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decomposing in her former home.
The home had been auctioned off to a new owner, and police had to air out the home due to the stench of ammonia.
Smith claimed she quit the job, according to a man who knew Smith from the local bar scene.
She was arraigned on 13 counts of animal cruelty on Wednesday.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd.
On Wednesday, a 12-person jury found Hernandez guilty of murder and sentenced him to life without parole.
Hernandez was taken to the 700-inmate prison MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday.
The prison is just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium, where he used to play for the New England Patriots.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot male home invader Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.
Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce.
Mrs Skinner had filed for multiple orders of protection against him and planned to take time off from her teaching job to protect her students from his violent temper.
Kumar Sangakkara will retire from limited overs cricket for another year.
The 37-year-old scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, has been diagnosed with functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a range of neurological symptoms.
The mother-of-two suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May.
She blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock.
But over the following days she lost control of the bladder repeatedly and was shaking uncontrollably.
Doctors cannot determine whether the condition had been lying dormant in her body before it revealed itself.
According to a survey of 1,025 Australian parents, a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies, choosing work and'more important things' over their passions.
Dr Paula Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
She says it's important to create space for the things we love to be happy.
The 30-year-old reality TV star posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night as protests about the unexplained death of Freddie Gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral.
While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism.
Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of responses with a Tweet that read: 'Yall are too much. Damned if I do. Damaged if I don't. So now it's wrong to pray? Let me pray for YOU'
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates.
Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground.
Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley.
Exeter Chiefs outscored Newcastle Falcons six tries to one at Sandy Park.
David Ewers scored and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead.
Exeter will take on Gloucester in the European Rugby Challenge Cup semi-final.
West Ham are confident that the deal to move into the Olympic Stadium does not contravene domestic or European legislation.
Premier League club are set to move in the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season.
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11.
The couple have invited a number of big names to attend the ceremony.
But the biggest name likely to be in attendance is one-time British tennis star Tim Henman.
Murray has invited Dutch doubles player Jules Rojer, who he spends time with while training in Miami.
Leonardo Ulloa gave Leicester the lead from Wes Morgan's knock down in the 15th minute.
The Leicester hitman was sent on for the injured Andrej Kramaric.
Andy King scored a late second goal to move Leicester off the bottom of the table.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat.
One man decided to move seats because plane was not at capacity.
But fellow passenger objected to man moving near to him and row broke out.
Pilot alerted Muscat Airport, and on arrival, one man was taken away.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room.
Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent, who also lived in the house and cared for the child in the days prior to her death, are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
Kent was granted bail on Wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31.
When recipients opened the link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students.
The university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday.
Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
Klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982.
Before striking Bolt's signature pose, Obama praised him saying that 'nobody's ever been faster'
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Mrs Saunders' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983.
The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986.
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria.
He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
The exhibition focused on a traditional breed of sheep native to the area.
Horry County Police said the mother turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.
The hours old baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying.
Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, according to WMBF. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours.
Hackers then took control of the picture feed and posted pornography.
Instead of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons.
It is believed that the hack occurred after an employee clicked on a link in an email which purported to be from Facebook.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins' home on Monday morning.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at boot sale.
They spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall.
Mr Flanaghan recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby.
He was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world.
The couple are now selling it on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Liris Crosse always dreamed of being a model but had a tough time.
Many people told her to lose weight to succeed - but size 18 model proved them wrong.
Liris, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill.
Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms.
This to protest a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years.
The British professor claims he has new evidence of 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet.
He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'
The organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison.
On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
Pennyhill Park has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool.
The spa is perfectly placed close to Ascot, Sunningdale and Wentworth for golf and racing lovers.
Inside the high-end hotel there are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America.
It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Uber driver Emerson Decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street.
The incident occurred in San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf area.
Cyclist sustained a punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle.
Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history.
On Saturday, at the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race, the women’s crews will battle the same Thames course as the men, who will follow an hour later.
The first women to race were jeered by male spectators, they get equal billing.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night.
The fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster.
Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide.
McKinnon was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo on May 18, 2013.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
SNP leader used BBC TV debate on Thursday night to offer to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the Labour leader’s 29 per cent.
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III's German Legion.
He was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball.
Brandt would have fought alongside British and Dutch troops against Napoleon.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny'
The tennis coach helped propel Andy, 27, and his brother, Jamie, 29, to sporting success.
But she has a couple of caveats – he has to get the French Open and Wimbledon out of the way first.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout.
He was sacked by non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, within hours.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected'
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary.
This comes almost one year after Hardy was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.
We fell in love with her story as well as with her, which caused us to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community.
Here are five ways that the Belle´s of the world win us over.
Philippine army has released new photographs of Chinese construction work in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
The latest images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
He said recently that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Ancient Egypt, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope.
Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions happened in quick succession.
Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
Scientists examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time.
The British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her.
The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq.
This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists.
Cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.
Kellogg's uses a complex web of companies to do business here.
Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland.
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination.
Sydney Harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world and flyers will be able to get unbeatable aerial shots of world-famous Sydney Harbour bridge.
Cape Town and Table Mountain can be seen from both sides of the aircraft.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad.
The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency.
Three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
President Joko Widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion.
Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird used Michael Spalding for slave labour.
The 34-year-old then stuffed the body into a suitcase and threw it into canal.
Police have now released CCTV footage showing the pair dragging the cases.
Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today.
Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'
Pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Coroner David Hinchliff said Mrs Wood died of multiple injuries.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31.
The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who saved Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho.
He ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle.
Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene.
A photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her home in Caboolture, Queensland, on Tuesday morning.
Her ex-boyfriend Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Police located the silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander the teen was forced into early on Thursday morning.
Sarah Silverman claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig.
The comic and feminist campaigner said it was to highlight the gender pay gap.
But New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false.
Silverman has since publicly apologized and revealed she fabricated the story.
Terry McCarty was six when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.
The 29-year-old endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.
But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Labour leader used keynote campaign speech to suggest deaths could have been avoided if PM had done more.
Claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy.
Comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels yesterday.
Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday.
The franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer while watching staff continue their daily cooking and preparation tasks.
KFC hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage.
When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine.
Adams faces federal drug smuggling charges.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
Mrs Sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer.
The airline refunded her family's airfare, which will be donated to research.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer.
Juventus are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old.
Tevez's deal with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
Despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week.
She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end.
But co-plaintiffs in the case said she should not have taken part in trial.
They said they could not forgive Mr Groening for his participation in murders.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St Cloud, Florida, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics.
The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
Froch has said he may retire if the fight does not come to fruition.
Chavez took on Andrzej Fonfara at StubHub Center in California.
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate.
As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek.
Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Mr Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday.
Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years.
The 32-year-old said he is convinced he can still improve as a bowler.
James Holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder.
He admits he was the shooter, his defense attorneys say, but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill.
His lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity, which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely.
Alix Bussey, 23, was hit by a car and died on holiday in Riviera Maya.
She was a teacher at Bowburn Infants School, County Durham.
Her family said she was devoted to the children she taught.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case'
The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court.
Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool.
The 20-year-old admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'
Rodgers said Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football'
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night.
The pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
Sheppard Air Force Base, which shares the facility, had closed the runway and turned off the lights.
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday.
Wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand Marchesa.
Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova visited six different Pret A Manger shops in London.
She tried three approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly.
At Notting Hill Gate, she left with a free coffee - and a dent in her purse.
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park.
Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk.
His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Neil Fox, 53, accused of nine offences against three girls and three women.
One alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio studios.
Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him.
Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to over 40,000 monks and nuns.
The sprawling settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft.
Monks and nuns are segregated by age and sex of students.
Protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne yesterday.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Federation Square.
Several people had to be treated by paramedics.
The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center.
The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, at least one shot was fired outside of Club Luxx.
The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Talib signed a six-year, $57 million contract with Denver in March 2014.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in Bali last August.
Prosecutors have asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for her co-accused Tommy Schaefer.
Mack's attorney has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella.
David Suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases.
His grandson Todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard.
His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street in Chelsea earlier this year.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
Ms Johnston says she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay Wonder Woman outfit.
Vladmir Lenin's remains were embalmed on Stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924 and kept on display in Moscow apart from a period in the Second World War.
The revolutionary's body is on public display in a mausoleum on Moscow's Red Square more than two decades after the break-up of the former USSR.
Four men accused of stabbing Mozambican man to death in Johannesburg.
Victim Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks.
Government has sent in troops to control the riots.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League.
The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the 0-0 draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday.
Kane has 29 club goals under Mauricio Pochettino this season.
Wojciech Szczesny turns 25 on Monday.
The Arsenal goalkeeper celebrated with a birthday bash at his home.
Szczzesny played the full 120 minutes of Arsenal's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final win.
He was joined by his girlfriend Mariana Luczenko at his London home.
Specialised 77 Brigade launched with great fanfare in January in response to jihadis' mastery of online propaganda.
But it is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘social media, financial operations and counter-criminality’
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year.
She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.
Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was given one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police.
The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community, who insist he is innocent.
Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school.
Man asleep on conveyor at Domodedovo Airport in Russia.
Other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas.
Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’
But it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism.
One victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty.
Anthony Martinez, a junior at Desert Oasis High School in Nevada, was over-joyed when his straight guy pal, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot.
He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February.
The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the club.
Redknapp described the situation as 'a bit of a soap opera'
New series of photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book.
In the images the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico.
The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed, giving an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over 83-year-old Dorothy's affairs.
The mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for her care.
When it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid.
Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000.
She was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Stuart McCall's side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season.
Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South's play-off hopes a massive boost.
But McCall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss.
Imran Uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet.
He then connected to a number of university computers in Birmingham.
Through the software, he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in.
Uddin then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself.
On one paper, he upped his mark from 57% to 73% - a first.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk.
The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Former High Court judge Martin Fletcher led inquiry into 1985 Bradford stadium fire.
Official inquiry concluded that fire was caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish under an old timber stand at the Valley Parade ground.
Sir Oliver today dismissed claims the blaze was an accident.
He said the main flaw in the argument was that the stand involved had no insurance value as it was due for demolition.
Eden Hazard leads the way in the Premier League this weekend.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Craig Gardner starred for West Brom against Crystal Palace.
Aaron Lennon won a penalty for Everton against Burnley.
Roger Lohse, a reporter with Miami-area station WPLG, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre brush fire when his cameraman pointed out something behind him.
As the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released.
Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans are also expected to leave Glasgow Warriors.
The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season.
Justin Rose will be in the final pairing with Jordan Spieth at Augusta.
Spieth will tee off alongside Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman.
Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in the most high-profile grouping.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
Her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with her murder.
Mann was described as a compassionate and principled young woman.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
Tim Sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as Tottenham manager last season.
Aston Villa goalkeeper Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman's choice of attire describing it as the 'worst ever'
The Villa wide man turned up for training on Tuesday wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby.
The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)
It is claimed that the card will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the time it takes to type a password into their phone 150 times a day.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa on Tuesday.
The Ireland Under 21 international wears a children's size shinpads.
Grealish says referees have tried telling him to pull his socks up.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Eric Harris' death.
Sources within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office say he was not properly trained to be an armed deputy.
Bates' legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training.
But they have been unable to produce proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest.
A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.
The first place in this year's contest was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its project Essence Skyscraper.
It beat the designs for a giant 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds.
Chinese state media reported that the government is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request'
The step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day.
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry.
Others, in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities, accused politicians of 'fly-posting'
Detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, says Jose Anigo.
The former Marseille boss says Ibrahimovic reminds him of Eric Cantona.
Peter Schmeichel believes Ibrahimovic has the 'personality' to become an Old Trafford great in the same vein as Cantona and David Beckham.
Hundreds of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Experts believe the jellyfish are attracted by the warmer waters.
The jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb.
Liverpool host Blackburn in the FA Cup on Wednesday night.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four.
The Reds have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Ellen White scored both goals against Arsenal on Thursday night.
The Notts County star missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations.
In Sofia, a night's stay in a four-star hotel costs just £63.78, while a club sandwich costs £3.07.
The average nightly rate on TripAdvisor for summer 2015 is a very affordable £60.22.
Eden Hazard has been outstanding for Chelsea this season.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is in a one-horse race to win the award.
Mourinho believes anyone who tips a player other than Hazard is making mischief.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Diego Simeone has extended his deal at the club until 2019.
Simeone took Atletico to the title last season.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today.
App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll on Monday.
The Danish ace participated in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among American people.
Event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'
He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
The 52-year-old lawyer said: 'Now I am a Labour man and I will stand by my party'
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco.
The car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her.
Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana.
Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year.
Sven Goran Eriksson said Manchester City should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four.
City host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place Liverpool.
Eriksson was the last manager at City before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricket commentary box legend had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Benaud had been driving his beloved car back from hitting practice golf balls at the Australian Golf Club in Sydney when he lost control and hit a parked car and then a small brick fence.
He was hospitalised with shoulder, spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum and began treatment last year, revealing that doctors were pleased with his progress.
Sir John Major warns against talking up the threat posed by the SNP.
Former Scottish Secretary said it was'short-term and dangerous'
Comes as former PM John Major launches stinging attack on threat posed.
He will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs.
Hudsonian Godwit was spotted at Shapwick Heath in Somerset.
It is believed the shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska.
The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts.
Kevin Pietersen has played exclusively Twenty20 cricket since being axed by England.
Pietersen made 62 on his only prior appearance at The Parks, for Nottinghamshire in April 2004.
The 34-year-old was on 47 not out from 58 balls.
Man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage.
He asked Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response: 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative'
He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of 4,726 people who illegally uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online.
Names, IP addresses and residential addresses will be provided to the copyright holder of the film.
Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
The 30-year-old model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram.
Critics claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged the Brit to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari.
Hamilton is 13 points clear of Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, a junior at Jeannette High School in Pennsylvania.
Morton's lawyer Patrick Thomassey says the two boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye.
Thomassey says Morton panicked and took the selfie to send to a friend via Snapchat as 'proof' after the friend refused to believe what happened.
The defense attorney said it was Mangan who brought the gun and reloaded it for Morton.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at Orlando's Hard Rock Hotel.
He was accused of urinating into an ice machine at the hotel in the early hours of Tuesday.
A guest told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.
When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent and began shouting.
Wood was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Art and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'
Some have dressed their babies as sci-fi characters, like Princess Leia from Star Wars and Star Wars Jedi knights.
Others have been incorporated into Harry Potter scenarios, complete with round-framed glasses, suitcases for Hogwarts and a magic wand.
Angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes.
She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement.
The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Novak Djokovic is being tipped to end Rafa Nadal's stranglehold at Roland Garros in June.
But the Serbian world number one insists the threat is no different to those he has faced before.
Nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.
Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by Philip Kirby in 2010.
Kirby was jailed for eight years and banned from contacting her for life.
But he was released after three years and phoned his former partner.
The 46-second call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack'
Miss Redhead, 33, was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He was arrested on Wednesday night after police discovered discrepancies in his alibi.
Neighbours said the Stanford family have lived at the property for around 13 months.
The family home is on the market for $179,000.
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents.
During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at the school were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain'
Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election.
But claimed they would back the party this time if he did not win majority.
He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded'
Vicky Pryce, 62, has written a book about life in women's prisons.
She says she would miss her children when work commitments came calling.
Pryce, who has five children, was jailed in 2013 for perverting the course of justice over speeding fines issued in 2003.
Sir Stirling Moss, 85, has revealed unusual daily routine thanks for longevity.
He has 77 press-ups and half a bottle of Chardonnay a day, he says.
The father-of-two won 212 races during his 14-year career.
Also spoke about how he has swapped high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car with a top speed of just 50mph.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
'I think there is big news coming on the Clinton Foundation,' Paul said during a New Hampshire swing earlier this month.
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months.
As a journalist and activist, she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa.
Msimang said she's been faced with the realisation that ‘the deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
‘When I say something or someone is racist, it’s not meant to be the worst insult in the world, people really get their backs up,' she said.
Manchester Thunder netball team promote Superleague semi-finals.
Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes joined the team.
Thunder are coached by Gary and Phil's sister Tracey, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014.
His mother believes that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana.
Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
One in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder.
A significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they're going wrong.
The bodies of the young recruits of Camp Speicher were found last Wednesday.
They were slaughtered by Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq.
The deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters were a new kind of foe.
For almost 10 months families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts.
Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston.
British number one Watson lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to Croatian teen Donna Vekic.
The other seeds in action, Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel, progressed in straight sets.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water in Santa Barbara, California.
The video maker later noted that the pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed at this point in the clip.
But the bird shows it has one more trick up its sleeve as it rolls its head right back, opens its mouth again and inflates its air sacs.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner.
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead.
But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, captured the heartwarming scenes during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, Russia.
He sat and watched as the mother, who was also lying on the banks of the lake, became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs.
The bear family are part of a huge population found in the Kronotsky Reserve - known as the Kingdom of bears.
The 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate.
Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11, and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days.
Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus.
She was trying to flee the Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of the city.
The teenager was shot dead on Tuesday as she made her way to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army.
Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since the area fell under ISIS control on April 4.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'
That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial.
The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Jade Wimsey, 24, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop.
Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes on Thursday.
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication.
A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat.
Smith backed her car into Smith's truck and started to spray him with pepper spray.
David Luiz limped off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille.
The Brazilian defender was running away from a Marseille player.
Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury.
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on April 15.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg)
It was extracted from 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Real Madrid's clash with Eibar.
The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the La Liga's top scorer this season with 37 goals.
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
Southend United move into fourth place after a 1-0 win over Bury.
David Worrall scored from a set-piece after Adam El-Abd was sent off.
Phil Brown's side are behind third-placed Wycombe on goal difference.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, had applied to Duke University.
But on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make grade.
She refused to take no for an answer, saying: 'Despite Duke's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants, you simply did not meet my qualifications'
Duke did eventually respond, but didn't appear to share the joke.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match.
They would play for 'Team South' - comprised of stars from La Liga, Serie A and Ligue 1 - against a similar 'North' dream team from the Premier League, Bundesliga and Russian Premier League.
A marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the annual fixture.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies.
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland.
Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for Real Madrid.
James Rodriguez, Toni Kroos, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and Luka Modric form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side.
AS claim the rest of the season will be 'operation 30 points' for the Italian coach.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline, who has Down syndrome.
The video of the two of them playing music together has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem studied the cephlopods movement.
They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
Male octopuses have a long, detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself.
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver disease.
His mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver to try and save him.
But his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital.
Doctors eventually agreed to try a second operation after father Xiao Kunqing donated 40 per cent of his liver.
The operation took five hours to complete and Xiao is now looking forward to living a normal life.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials.
The presidential nominee emerged from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Sania Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in Charleston.
The 28-year-old became the first Indian woman to reach the top of the WTA doubles ranking.
Only three other Asian women have achieved the top ranking.
Kathleen Blomberg, who lived in a building badly damaged by Thursday's explosion has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian.
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out.
Blomberg had been desperately searching for her two cats, putting up fliers and posting on social media and she was reunited with them on Wednesday.
Seven cats have been missing since Thursday, but today that number thankfully dropped to four.
Twitter has rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature, which lets people annotate the tweets of others.
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet.
It is available on Twitter’s website and the iPhone app, and will roll out to Android handsets soon.
Haris Vuckic has six goals from 10 games for Rangers this season.
The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next term.
But he believes Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him leave.
Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players on loan from St James' Park.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died.
She is suing six of his children after discovering that it amounts to just £1.7m.
Mr Dellal, who was friends with celebrities including Sir Mick Jagger, died in 2012 aged 89.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday.
He hasn't been on a cookery course or even had one lesson.
But he has learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV shows.
The reality star was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the Polo Lounge.
The 50-year-old admitted to Dr Phil McGraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest.
Richards is now in a Malibu rehab, but the star was out of control when she was arrested.
Peter Hamilton heard 27-year-old woman's cries for help in Toronto.
He tried to free her from restraints but had left his cell phone at home.
Police say Rejean Hermel Perron held her captive for five days.
Perron, 43, has been charged with sexual assault with a weapon.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday.
The glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin.
Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week.
Cheddar is Britain's most popular cheese with 80% of us choosing it.
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road.
He was a member of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969.
The Salford-born keeper once famously scored for City.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film.
The 48-year-old insists You and the Night is a 'piece of art'
The French film has a number of racy scenes, including Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.
Newcastle United announced record profits last month of £18.7m.
The club's full accounts registered with Companies House show £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum.
A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against Tottenham.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri all told Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram.
The Manchester City forward posted the picture after United's 4-2 win over City on Sunday night.
Duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo, and has since removed it from Instagram.
E.ON has been ordered to pay £7.75million to Citizens Advice.
Regulator Ofgem said the penalty reflected E.ON's'repeated failings'
Firm wrongly imposed exit fees and overcharged customers after price rises.
It has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence.
He had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December.
The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson.
Mr Phillips was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points.
The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam.
Ralph Body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens, up until March 29.
He says he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants didn't sit well with the building's management, Body says.
'Unfortunately, in this case, nice guys finish last,' Body says his higher-up told him.
Nathaniel Clyne has impressed for Southampton this season.
The defender has been linked with a move away from the south coast.
Clyne has been capped four times by England.
TV channel E4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election.
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air.
But a specially-produced advert will be played featuring 'Darren' - the man fictionally in charge of keeping E4 on air.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday.
It escalated and he allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind.
Paul Smith is in pole position for a third successive joust against Andre Ward.
The elder of Liverpool's fine family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title, even though it is against a far more formidable champion.
Ward sees Smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch.
John Terry has made 37 Premier League appearances for Chelsea so far this season.
The 34-year-old made just 14 appearances for the Blues in 2012-13.
Terry has played 2,970 minutes this season, scoring three goals.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'This is my dad!'
And while his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment Thursday.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
Crespo shot Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Cufo three times in the chest on September 30.
The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims.
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.
The show is set to premiere this summer.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage.
When she became pregnant with her second child, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated.
But when Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister.
Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £6 million sum for her son's lifelong care was agreed.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was head of politics at St George's School.
He was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself.
The 41-year-old was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court.
Now he has been banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration.
This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent.
Property prices are predicted to fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
The report predicts that Australia's population will be 530,000 smaller ABS estimates for 2017.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on his second.
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health.
The Mercedes driver discusses the meaning behind his tattoos.
Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena.
It was long assumed that the vessel's cargo, belonging to the UK Treasury, would be lost forever.
Underwater company Deep Ocean Search was contracted by the UK Ministry of Transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft - 4,500ft deeper than the Titanic.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The Mexican was on loan from Manchester United for a season and will be adored at the Bernabeu long after he has gone.
Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute for a challenge on Sergio Ramos.
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.
Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network.
Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are.
Stars have flocked to Twitter to praise Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson for revealing that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement on Tuesday.
Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie.
The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
Since splitting with Prince Harry, Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell took stand in court on Tuesday.
He said his Detroit home was a'very terrible' place to live.
Said he was beaten with plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts.
Also said he attempted suicide in a bid to escape parents' torture.
The hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send both to trial on charges of torture and child abuse.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013.
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13.
Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself'
But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages.
On Wednesday, lawyers representing the family of the youngest girl filed a lawsuit naming Sheriff Grady Judd and
Tracey Woodford, 47, was reported missing on April 21 in Rhydyfelin, Wales.
She was found with'massive injuries' at a flat in Pontypridd on Friday afternoon.
A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested over her death.
Police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.
Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu.
Simeone was proud of the way Atletico played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France.
The only exception will be Sheik Joan’s dual Arc winner Treve, who will continue to be partnered by veteran Thierry Jarnet.
London Mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years.
But he conceded: 'It would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour'
Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader of the party.
Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable.
They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain.
The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as Rory McIlroy.
Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Photos of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in Adelaide were released by RSPCA South Australia on Tuesday.
The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his three cats.
RSPCA said the cats suffered from high-temperatures, flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues when they were found at the property.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
The fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity.
It is also a contest which pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate Songkran.
The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years.
Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco.
But the selling price suggests the untitled, undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself.
It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses.
The Caribbean island had the world's highest percentage, at nearly 60 per cent.
Britain came in at 41st place out of 108 surveyed countries, as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women.
Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the August 16, 2013, shooting death of Australian baseball player Christopher Lane.
Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but his defense argued that he meant only to scare Lane.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month.
CCTV footage shows the man following three other potential victims.
He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern background and in his early twenties.
Zayn Malik has been accused of cheating on his fiancee Perrie Edwards.
Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn.
The 22-year-old has denied the claims and is on a'make or break' holiday.
The petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
It currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
The bullets were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker Paul Erard.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris on April 2.
Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates copied and kept for himself.
Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.
These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer.
Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks.
Emily and Claire Vincenti were taken from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy in 2012.
The four sisters were taken by their father, Tomaso Vincenti, to hide out in Australia and now they were being sent back to the'monster' against their will.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the girls at their home near Florence and they expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
'They are really well, really centred and settled,' Brown said.
The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area.
Three entrances to the impressive complex can be seen, leading to vast, winding tunnels.
The subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108.
It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites.
The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD.
More than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since Australia 108 went on the market in February.
EU leaders agreed a package of measures to tackle the escalating migrant crisis in the Mediterranean – with pledges to send in warships and triple funding for rescue patrols.
After years of dithering, an emergency EU summit yesterday agreed to lay the groundwork for military action against traffickers.
Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and the German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region.
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer has warned Pep Guardiola that the club must'make plans for the future before it is too late'
The 47-year-old joined Bayern's hierarchy in July 2012.
Sammer insists the Bundesliga giants must make plans to cope without the likes of Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso.
Manchester United Under 21s go four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Josh Harrop starred as the Red Devils secured a hard-earned victory.
Jordan Brown levelled the scores on the stroke of half-time.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14.
He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York.
A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach.
In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim.
Willy Junior is the baggage handler who caused an emergency landing when he woke up inside the cargo hold of an airborne flight.
Junior sat down with ABC News for an interview, and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13.
He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho is up against the ultimate pragmatist - Arsene Wenger.
Mourinho has a poor Premier League Manager of the Month record.
Puren was youngest brother of final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia.
He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Nicole Mihai has been told she must leave her son, Chris, behind.
The 34-year-old was deported from New Zealand after a two-year relationship.
She was awarded full custody of their son, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris.
A ruling from the Family Court said Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father.
Police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tahlequah, Oklahoma.
The intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, has now been arrested by police.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students.
Incident happened at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park on March 14.
Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised.
In the image the man appears to grimace as he lifts the metal barrier on his shoulders.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke.
Costa is unlikely to even make the bench for Sunday's top-of-the-table clash.
Chelsea's 17-year-old striker Dominic Solanke is set to deputise on the bench.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez.
Newcastle United defender Gutierrez was introduced as a second-half substitute against Liverpool on Monday night.
The on-loan forward has been linked with PSG, Juventus and Valencia.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League playing 'tippy-tappy football'
The Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas.
Terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager Jose Mourinho after the game.
Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places with just five games left to play of the regular season.
Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich all have players who could well be playing in the top flight next season.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers last December.
The Belgian has been in impressive form since his return.
Mignolets has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation.
But paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police.
The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late paedophile Liberal MP Cyril Smith who continued in public life despite repeated warnings of his crimes.
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring for Southampton at the Britannia.
Mame Diouf equalised for Stoke before Charlie Adam scored.
Saints missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to two points.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley.
Barkley's penalty was awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon.
Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Police in Shanghai seized three million knock-off condoms.
Heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic.
They were packaged as popular brands like Durex and cost just 1p to make.
Miley, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio.
One user commented: 'Miley Cyrus doesn't shave her armpits and that worries me'
Another said: 'Armpit hair is disgusting, please shave Miley Cyrus'
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations.
It works by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage.
Cancer cells that have a mutation in a BRCA gene rely completely on the PARP protein to fix the damage.
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon.
He will preview the showdown with Arsenal on Saturday and discuss the future of Raheem Sterling.
Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club.
The 20-year-old admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Nikki Thomas, 27, says she wishes she had done more to save her sister.
Jenna Thomas, 21, was strangled to death by Philip Packer in 2008.
He bombarded her with hundreds of calls and texts a day.
But Nikki, from South Wales, said she never reported his behaviour to police.
Now Nikki is urging others to learn from her sister's tragic story.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy in Lincolnshire.
She visited her GP for treatment for a water infection last Wednesday.
But she was stunned upon return to class to be told she must make up missed time.
Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish her.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation which was ordered after hundreds of objects were identified as blocking the river.
Divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions, including mopeds, on to the riverbank.
Work is being focused on an area between Windsor Bridge and Victoria Bridge in the city in a clean up operation costing £20,000.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
The rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves, called the Qadaa al-Haajah, was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented.
Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in October's Grand-Final.
The Warriors climbed up to third place in the First Utility Super League.
Dom Manfredi went over for the first try as his side exacted revenge.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries.
Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream.
Carl, 27, continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency.
The pair visited 70 cities in 35 countries to capture moments and people on camera.
Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running.
Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach.
Max Kruse scored the last-minute winner to move them up to third.
The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker.
Baker was found dead next to his house in Mobile, Alabama, the previous year.
In 2012 his conviction was overturned by a judge who blasted his trial.
A key witness later recounted her testimony, and a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection.
Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
It is the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for.
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
Last week, a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city.
Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's (Saturday 3pm)
Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of the game with an ankle injury.
Steven Davis could return to the Saints side to face Hull.
Hull boss Steve Bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the Belgian.
Everton host Manchester United at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world.
One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons.
Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju.
Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Presenter scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in Southampton.
Viewers took to Twitter to complain after he missed out the letter 'c'
Stayt later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
The statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed today.
It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism.
The government has backed the move and is working to see if the country can take an 'official position' on statues and other colonial symbols.
The photograph was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan, late last year.
A friend of the photographer said it was 'not photoshopped' and paranormal forces could be at work.
The image appeared to show two women and four children swimming at Murphy's Hole in the Lockyer River, south-east Queensland.
But the other adult in the photo, Jessie Lu, was adamant they were only accompanied by three children.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry.
She threw used cigarette on ground before council officers came'sprinting' to say she had committed a criminal offence.
Miss Copeland refused to pay £50 fine within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
After failing to pay, she was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their fronts for the big day.
Many of the local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting.
Paris Saint-Germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc says PSG need more time to win the Champions League.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti were unable to influence the game.
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are 'out of control'
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit and arrest those responsible.
The Danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45.
The royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
Margrethe's other daughter-in-law, the French-born Princess Marie, 39, looked wonderful in a floor-length cream beaded gown.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday as Liverpool stepped up preparations for Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa.
Sturridge hasn’t been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
Liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete slab fell onto their truck.
The couple and their baby were driving underneath the state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney Lake, Washington when the accident occurred.
Authorities thought only one person had been killed by the impact, but discovered to their horror that an entire family had been crushed to death.
According to a former US Transport Secretary, Ray LaHood said there are 70,000 bridges that have been deemed structurally deficient across the nation.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community.
The Lowy Institute report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat'
It says the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response.
It comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Sarah Ivens, 34, wanted to get pregnant for the first time in 15 years.
She and husband Russell were financially secure and financially secure.
Eleven months later, when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared.
After years of heartbreak, Sarah and Russell have two children William, and Matilda.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four.
Rodgers spent most of his press conference fielding questions about Raheem Sterling's refusal to sign the new contract he has been offered.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London.
Colin Kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the Toyota Aygo driver veered across the road.
Incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year.
The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder.
Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC after the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time.
Sebastien Pocognoli has been dropped from the West Brom starting 11.
The Belgian defender has found his game time limited since leaving the club.
Pocognoli insists he doesn't want to be one of the players to throw a strop.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season.
His last goal against Burnley meant the world because it was for someone special.
Ramsey has dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who passed away.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma.
About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
Officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, report says.
They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns, it adds.
Amid chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Shortly after firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013, officer mistakenly fired on police vehicle carrying two other cops.
Justin Jackson accused of pretending to be Oprah Winfrey, Madonna and Johnny Depp.
Also accused of sending letters to five different hotels recommending him for jobs.
Claims date from around September 2013 to the end of 2014.
Jackson is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Love.
Hay Castle has been besieged, set ablaze and become a frequent target for marauding Welsh rebels.
But now the medieval stronghold is at risk of falling to a new army of invaders.
Deathwatch beetles are burrowing in to its timber frames.
A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side.
The pair married March 21 at MD Anderson Cancer Center after John was told his cancer was terminal.
After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon.
But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a white Range Rover parked outside a house in Woodford Green, north London at 3.20 on Sunday morning.
Just seconds later using car hacking technology, he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window.
Metropolitan Police are now appealing for information to trace the thief.
A goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute.
The footage shows the two-metre long reptile balancing at the top of the pole while swallowing its prey.
Goannas are found throughout most of Australia, but it’s unknown where the clip was filmed.
Kelsey Higley, 22, studied art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.
She created a self-portrait of her body, showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful.
Her work, which is part of a project, has been published on video-sharing site Vimeo.
Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013.
Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies.
The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
Google Wallet allows users to send money to anyone in the US with a Gmail address, or request money on-the-go, directly from their bank account, debit card or Wallet Balance.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC.
But with the new policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take pictures.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers.
The smaller size of the vessels means it can become a place where everybody who serves you soon knows your name.
It also means the ships can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him.
She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007.
Investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags, with air fresheners, dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.
He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Despite his startling claims, he doesn't specify if he went through the same application process as an Inidan-American man.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.
It has captured the attention of locals, who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
David Seaman says his penalty save against Sheffield United was the best of his career.
The 51-year-old says it topped his Euro 96 penalty heroics.
Arsenal are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak.
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership.
But the Hoops boss believes that is an indictment rather than a boast.
Teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch.
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught the ball in her beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon.
She said it was 'pure luck'
The ball is now sitting in her apartment.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court.
His lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf.
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia.
The 14-time major winner is making his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015.
Woods recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Pele and Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday.
The pair played for the Cosmos in the late 1970s, before the club went bankrupt.
Pele was asked whether he'd prefer Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh.
A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England.
He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning at the police's Serious Crime Suite in Antrim.
George Bailey will join Sussex for the second half of their T20 Blast campaign.
Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene.
The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Bricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients.
The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects.
On Kickstarter they are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) for the insect-powered protein bar.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.
Auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them?
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall.
It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia.
The 23-year-old became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star.
She landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
The Aussie, born Natalie Stewart, has taken to the role with lavish, overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language.
European Court of Human Rights rules Russia did not breach father's right to a family life.
Robert Muradeli, 45, was deported in 2011 for breaking immigration laws.
But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him.
Pablo Osvaldo has urged Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti to move to Boca.
The 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for the Argentinian giants.
Osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for Boca, and says the fans would love to have them line up on the La Bombonera pitch.
Karen Reidy, 40, met Sakir Candan, 26, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012.
She flew out to see him every couple of months and holidayed around Europe.
But she discovered he had been cheating on her for several months.
Karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland.
The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
The image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on Gallipoli.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.
In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error.
FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier.
In 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba.
The 22-year-old Romanian moved to Spain when he was 12.
Andone is valued at around £6million but Cordoba's relegation may lead to them taking less.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, accused of assaulting youngster.
Allegedly slapped boy repeatedly during religious lessons at mosque in Birmingham.
Court heard attack happened when boy made mistakes with his studies.
It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye and was slapped repeatedly.
They are due to stand trial at Birmingham Crown Court on August 10.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a coach.
He has coached a host of world class stars during his 15-year career.
Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008.
Sanchez spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a move to Barcelona.
The 26-year-old found it difficult when he was rested for Arsenal's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham.
Trevor Noah has moved on to become a US TV star, and he left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream.
The Daily Show host has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans.
Noah has known Gabriel for at least four years and it's believed they began dating early in 2014.
Online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night.
They are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
HBO said it is 'actively assessing how this breach occurred'
Mark Dawe, head of Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board, said pupils now learn through search engines anyway.
He said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Today Chris McGovern, chairman of Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer in December.
He visited doctors five times in two months but was sent home each time.
After coughing up blood and being taken to A&E, an X-ray revealed a tumour.
Mr Rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life.
Lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations.
They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers.
Micky Adams was sacked by Tranmere on Sunday.
He is the 42nd manager to be sacked this season.
There have been 10 sackings in both League One and League Two.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola was left purring at his side's first-half performance.
The Bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, jailed.
All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them.
Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored the only goal of the game in the 43rd minute.
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester City's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth place.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday evening.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 in Miami.
Djokovic will face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals.
Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to the last eight.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's groin problems.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain.
The 21-year-old should play again this season, but the fear is that the problem could recur.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder.
She is accused of stabbing boyfriend Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
The court heard how she flew into a rage when Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend.
The 35-year-old was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches.
Steven Young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder.
Prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne.
Now, it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn.
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
Sales bubbled along rather slowly, and by 2009 we were still only consuming just over two million bottles a year.
Five years on, that’s leapt to a massive 28 million — with most of the increase coming since 2012.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
She explains how the health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy.
Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday afternoon.
Steven Gerrard was unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance.
Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Brendan Rodgers.
Liverpool have won 12 of 31 games when Gerrard has started this season.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow.
The West Ham striker had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Carroll is no longer reliant on cructhes and is now working hard in the gym and pool.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers in 2007.
He is said to have had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl.
Ewing allegedly rang police two weeks before she went missing to tell officers a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
The Crown Prosecution Service believes he did so to 'test the water'
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on Merseyside.
The 20-year-old admitted that it was 'quite flattering' to be linked to Arsenal.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille for £10million last summer.
The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan.
Origi has received messages from the club's management team.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences.
The 17-year-old was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification.
He was jailed in January after the skate park incident but will now walk free after 69 days behind bars with Magistrate Deborah Vasta deciding he had learned his lesson.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike.
The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body.
Kevin Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket.
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance.
The federal agent helped bring down Lance Armstrong.
Novitzky was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A.
Roma moved level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points.
Napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat Cagliari on Sunday.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist at the St John Howard Centre in Homerton, east London.
Her colleague Enya Nawaz, then 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity.
The pair had discussed Islam and Christianity, as well as work done by her church at the Christian Revival Church in the O2 Arena in Greenwich against human trafficking.
Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint and the East London NHS Foundation Trust suspended her for nine months while they investigated.
A disciplinary hearing upheld three complaints about the book, invitation to attend church and Miss
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan, 24, model new eyewear range Gabardine.
Pair model seasonal styles inspired by gabardine, a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry.
First teamed up for Burberry's spring/summer 2015 campaign.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
She came up with the idea after studying biology under a microscope and spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history.
The designs include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
Alpha Delta is responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.
The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island.
To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning.
Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared.
Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers.
Despite the small number of participants, the
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight relatives.
He was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week.
Six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester Airport.
A 30-year man arrested in the Rochdale area has been released without charge.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr, 64, died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia.
Burns was one of five musicians who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida.
He was not wearing a seatbelt when he was killed in the wreck.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 in La Liga on Saturday.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season.
Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico Madrid.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
The 17-year-old has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner for Dnipro in the 82nd minute.
Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle the tie.
The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs.
Details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
New information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight'
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, broke into the home of John and Emma Evans in Chorley, Lancashire, last September.
Devaney struck Cookie over the head with a meat cleaver while Rolstrron shouted 'I will stab you' and 'give me your money'
The pair were jailed at Preston Crown Court for aggravated burglary and vehicle taking.
The court heard that Cookie required stitches and is recovering at home.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China.
Her mother, named only as Ms Li, said: 'We left after our baby girl fell asleep'
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School.
He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in Surrey.
After incident, he said: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'
Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, jailed for nine months on Friday.
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement.
Kevin O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
O'Connor, the 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring.
A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of councillor Shakil Ahmed, who was photographed with Ed Miliband recently.
He is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Ahmed was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week.
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio.
York's parents believe she left home around 4am Sunday with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone.
Her mother Grace York posted on Facebook that she still had not been in contact with her daughter and feared she may be headed to Missouri.
Mike Fitzgerald will be a Leicester Tigers lock next season.
The 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Fitzgerald will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this week.
A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.
Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Chloe the wombat has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo in Sydney.
She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas.
The cute animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant.
She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster'
A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhat
Adele Berry contacted Vodafone over a problem with her bill last month.
But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her.
He called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws'
The man has now been suspended by the network provider.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the Shenzhen International in China.
The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday.
Aphibiaarnrat is two shots behind American Peter Uihlein.
Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photo.
The striker revealed that Real Madrid were interested in signing him.
Suarez admitted that the bite on Giorgio Chiellini was the worst moment of his career.
Carole Maggio, LA-based creator of Facercise, has a celebrity and royalty-packed client list.
Her books and DVDs are available on Amazon and ship within days.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year.
US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street.
Crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles.
She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time.
The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
Shauna lost seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock for the Warriors.
Both players are retiring at the end of the season.
Chelsea moved 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Eden Hazard's goal was enough to beat Manchester United 1-0.
But John Terry insists there is still work to be done to clinch the title.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles.
Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as D.B.
In text messages to the victim in February: 'I'm just going to bite hard. I want a new car,motorcycle and both hands full of cash'
John Foran was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the shard.
The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Spytty Retail Park near the couple’s home in Newport, South Wales.
Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Proms will include late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong.
He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'
It will take place on July 29, coinciding with 20th anniversary of Radio 1.
Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move.
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.
A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday.
During Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life.
The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on.
She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs.
But her son bounded up to her yelling'mum' that she succumbed to 'total shock'
She is now set to detail how she began to understand who she was in a new book, titled Forgotten Girl.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s.
He fled from Colombia fearing for his life after a confrontation with his boss.
Toro began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.
The DEA refused to help Toro with his citizenship after he went public with his plight.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for the Germanwings plane crash that claimed 150 lives.
The crash in the French Alps has been blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28.
He is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain fought desperately to get inside.
But Mr Andersson says any number of causes could have caused the crash.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the quarter-final on Sunday.
Mark McCall's side face Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-finals.
Clermont have not lost in Europe since 2008.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday.
Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points at Craven Cottage.
Tommie Hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Ile Louët is set in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers.
Guests can stay in a 19th century lighthouse, which was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s, for the small sum of €200 (£145)
The lighthouse keeper's cottage has a patio area, perfect for enjoying a sunset BBQ overlooking the bay.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently.
But luckily his driver was there to change it.
Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Conservatorium of Music when she noticed the vehicle.
She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
Stuart McCall was warned not to take the Rangers job by Walter Smith.
But the former Light Blues midfielder insists he has made the right decision.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Sunday.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013.
He was given the all-clear in September but two months later he was told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.
The father-of-three organised his own funeral and booked St David's Church for his funeral, in late January 2014.
But in an extraordinary twist his cancer went into remission and he has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee Lisa Williams.
Mr McCabe wrote a goodbye letter to his children to be read to them after his death
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa.
Mourinho left Madrid in 2013 and rejoined Chelsea in 2013.
Arbeloa says Mourinho is happy in London, having won the Capital One Cup with Chelsea last month.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
14-year-old is fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns.
She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house.
On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene, according to NDTV.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce.
But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
Medical examiners determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne.
The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying Adrian would mention her name in every conversation.
Adrian couldn't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond.
Super speakers were found to have less activity in Broca's region of the brain.
This suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next.
Sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit, but it seems you need the right kind of wits in the first place to be able to recognise it.
England have been drawn with Holland, Italy and Ireland at the European Championships.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions.
The tournament has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for the first time.
Tennessee Supreme Court has vacated execution dates for four inmates.
Executions halted while courts decide whether current protocols are constitutional.
Since 2009, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions.
In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
The Easter Road side failed to convert dominance into a goal.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences.
They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's private Scottish retreat's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
The job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available ‘for which there is a salary adjustment’
Six dancers were filmed twerking in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument.
Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war.
Two of the girls were jailed for ten days, while a third was sentenced to 15 days in prison.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.
The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen.
Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and ‘watching the game at home’
Facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit, the links they click on and their searches.
National Bar Association officials said Clarence Habersham, 37, should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Habersham was the second office to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Slager's actions leading up to the shooting.
Slager, 33, has been fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder last week.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning.
He is wanted for the murder of his mother and sister Bernadette and Sarah Fox.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Mr Fox's sister Sarah's body was found by police on Thursday night.
Police launched a double murder inquiry after the bodies of two women were found at separate addresses in Bootle, Merseyside and Worcester Road.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from ESPN for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'
The former model is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
In a self-aggrandizing rant, McHenry tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
It is an almost unrecognizable tone from the one she took on April 6, when she raged at towing company clerk Gina Michelle.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas.
The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing.
It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website.
Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning, officially switching names in April 2014.
In February this year, after suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment, allowing the former Army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook.
The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world.
Mimi is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old Joshua Teague in the hallway.
Medical and law enforcement sources told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'
They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop.
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday.
The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow.
Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The 47-year-old has been linked with a number of European clubs.
Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be the ideal manager at City.
Jordan Morris scored early in the second half to put USA ahead.
Juan Agudelo added his first international goal in four years.
Morris is the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against Manny Pacquiao.
The pair will go head-to-head in a $300,000 pay-per-view fight next month.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing yesterday.
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice.
The 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world's highest peak.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit.
The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis.
She said she was never offered support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes.
Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
The spiraliser gadget turns various vegetables into spaghetti.
Freekeh is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove husks.
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital.
In its place is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists.
The striking thing about walking into the lobby is just how serene it is.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised on Monday.
The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game.
Woods shared a warm greeting with Miguel Angel Jimenez on Wednesday morning.
Australia's Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters due to personal reasons.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho.
Wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Portuguese.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United.
John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci are likely to cost around £1.5million.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to the club in January.
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties.
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
Experts are now trying to work out how much of the oil will be properly recoverable.
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet.
The dog's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - could have been euthanized.
Lt. Dan was named after a character in the film Forest Gump who lost both of his legs.
Obama unveils executive order to freeze or block assets of hackers.
Hackers working in China and Russia target U.S. defense contractors.
Obama said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious challenges'
But privacy activists questioned the broad language in the order.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies.
He has shown them off at events around the country.
But he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home.
Thief took eight prized pets leaving eight behind.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport.
She was told she would not be allowed to take flight home to Spain.
Teen offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold.
But only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Everton have expressed interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin.
QPR striker has 17 goals so far this season and will leave Loftus Road in the summer.
Everton were among Premier League clubs who watched Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target on the platform.
He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could.
Tahir pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh.
Unable to leave the packed train, she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances.
But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom.
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days.
He feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him.
Now more than two years on, Mr Rodwell believes he may be in for another fight.
Under Australian law, victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
But for that to happen, Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
Liverpool have become the first Premier League club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 campaign.
New Balance took over in supplying the Merseyside club's new kit.
Liverpool's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits but the strip worn against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920.
Darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around.
Barnet are heavy favourites to take the one automatic spot.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day.
Doctors warned her weight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
But she managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle.
Yingying Dou ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the site.
Internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
A review of the policy and procedures surrounding plagiarism is currently underway.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
Simonsen's legal team have confirmed the Englishman will not face a further suspension.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from home in Punjab.
Group of about half a dozen men began harassing them and tried to'molest' them.
But instead of defending them, bus staff joined in sexual assault.
The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, in Punjab province.
Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land Neto, according to his agent.
Liverpool were linked with a move for the 25-year-old earlier in the season.
A January move for Neto never materialised but he looks certain to leave.
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office.
The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
Chairman of the council, Dr Hugh Seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards, even if the investigation found Mr Barr not to have broken any law.
AP McCoy will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts.
There is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35.
McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013 tour of England.
Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Guptill smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary in a potentially incendiary move.
They will mix with their rivals from the Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13.
The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls.
Shanghai held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since.
Jacques Villeneuve returned to the F1 grid for his first race for Renault in 1997.
Michael Schumacher collided with Christijan Albers' Minardi while driving out the pit-lane to the grid before the start of the 2005 race.
Fernando Alonso was in control before his decision to pit for scrubbed tyres would come back to haunt him.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout.
He was sacked by non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, within hours.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected'
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka, 37, unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
Detectives determined there was a verbal argument that led to a physical altercation.
She did not ever admit to the killing but investigators felt there was enough evidence to charge her.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by three shots going into second round.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els both shot five-under-par 67 on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson both shot 71.
Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
Stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of Lake Turkana in Kenya.
Experts believe ancient species known as Australopithecines - typified by the fossilised skeleton called Lucy - or Kenyanthropus made the tools.
The discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found.
Don McLean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million.
The song was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'
This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight.
A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off.
Indulging in two hot cross buns (without jam and butter) will take up to 50 minutes of running.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.
The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics.
She is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain.
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife Brenda Davidson, 72.
At the time he said she committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer.
But he has now changed his story and said she must have been killed by intruders.
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard will now face Grigor Dimitrov in the last eight.
Roger Federer lost to Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Robin Barton, 25, was abandoned behind a dumpster in Santa Ana, California, on November 21, 1989.
He was found by now-retired police officer Michael Buelna after moving some trash.
Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, but his adoptive parents beat him to it.
As a child his mother abandoned him and his four siblings.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in the FA Cup.
A 15-year-old boy took to social media to post a vile, racist tweet.
The tweet read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…’
The teenager has now been given a caution and warned about his behaviour.
Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa – where the nation's first primary caucuses will start.
Of the ten students interviewed in Kirkwood Community College's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton.
Corey Jones, a graphic design student, said he suspects that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters.
Jones, like Corum, will vote in his first presidential election next year.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear.
It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League last four.
Pep Guardiola's side have never lost before the semi-finals in the competition.
The Spaniard said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city.
The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug.
Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week.
Rolando Aarons may not play again this season after suffering another injury setback.
The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool.
Waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles.
This includes accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more.
Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD officers in December.
Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers.
But police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter.
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods.
This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that he exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of exam.
But she knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her dog Holly.
After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to knitting a green field.
He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Dr Ros Altmann will be appointed as Minister for Consumer Protection if the party wins the election.
Former Treasury adviser will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges.
She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Stuart McCall donated money from his 2002 testimonial to the Bradford burns unit that cared for his father.
A book written by Martin Fletcher, a Bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze, says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club’s then chairman Stafford Heginbotham.
The 69-year-old actress said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s.
She said that the decade after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women.
Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds.
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan in 2011.
He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter summit next month.
His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile.
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip.
After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
Santi Cazorla has been linked with a return to his homeland Atletico Madrid.
The Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season.
Cazorla admits that 'you never know what the future will bring'
Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery on April 16.
The 68-year-old NBA legend had quadruple coronary bypass surgery.
Successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'
Mr Galloway responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Alessandra Ambrosio underwent the procedure on Tuesday.
She is being monitored at UCLA Hospital in Westwood, Los Angeles.
A friend said she had been suffering what she described as 'constant headaches' and had booked the appointment two weeks ago.
Eddie Howe is the man who has got Bournemouth buzzing.
He is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled.
His extrovert assistant, Jason Tindall, provides the instructions and the demands.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves.
The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Wandsworth council in London is set to remove the rule giving priority to siblings.
The rule will be removed even if the family has moved out of the catchment area.
More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school.
20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday.
Police say the woman wouldn't pull up to drive-through window at around 3.30am.
Instead of purchasing food and driving away, the 23-year-old nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward.
She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states.
Steven Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against Manchester United on March 22.
But Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal to book their place in the semi-final with Aston Villa.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.
She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
The 55-year-old Lynch was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
Days earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August.
President Barack Obama granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013.
The January drone strike that killed two hostages, one of them an American, could have been postponed or even prevented entirely.
Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike.
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson.
The England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel.
Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally.
Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's footprints were also found on.
the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams died.
The car was strafed by police gunfire and its two unarmed occupants were killed after a high-speed chase over streets
The earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa.
While on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week.
In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list.
The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th place.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years.
It has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface.
The reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
They have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe into the limelight.
The late-night television personality shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night.
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday.
During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
Yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about Obama's early reading habits, his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital media.
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged.
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded.
The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December.
Thunder's sinking is believed to be another deliberate move by the vessels to hide evidence of any illegal activities.
All 40 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued and are being taken to
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine.
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 Waitrose stores.
Later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand.
The Lada Niva is a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x4 from Russia.
It is available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks.
UK clocked up growth of 2.8% in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations.
This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany.
Reading beat Bradford in the last round of the FA Cup on a Monday.
The Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches and to accommodate televised games.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve.
Ipswich Town beat Cardiff City 2-1 in their Premier League clash.
Cole Skuse scored his first goal for the club since joining in July 2013.
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the first half.
Daryl Murphy added a third in the 90th minute.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge.
The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom.
Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, went for a walk near her Santa Monica home on March 24.
She became angry and left the home to calm down but never returned.
Her mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help.
The teenager has been described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old.
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems.
Eugenie Bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy.
The Canadian refused to shake hands with Romanian Alexandra Dulgheru.
Bouchard reached last year’s Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
MPs expenses watchdog launched bid to keep original claims secret.
But Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all receipts and invoices.
Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published.
Case stems from Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010.
Boy, 7, raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food.
The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him.
When he resisted, they set him on fire, police said.
Incident occurred in Bhiwandi City, a suburb of Mumbai.
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol.
They found a small horse chained to the ground in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round.
Another horse was chained to a grassy area nearby and was removed.
The animals were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday night.
Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play.
Sevilla then scored a late equaliser, and Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much'
Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead from the penalty spot in the 57th minute.
Ricardo Carvalho had given away a penalty after colliding with Monaco defender Aymen Abdennour.
Carvalho was replaced by Andrea Barzagli a few minutes after Vidal's opener.
Carlos Tevez, who has scored six goals in the Champions League, dropped off in search of the ball.
Charlie Patino and his parents Julio and Katy weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham.
11-year-old analyses Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona.
The transfer fee involved is £10,000, a sizeable amount to spend on a player who offers potential and promise after six years with Luton.
Three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair flight.
The flight was about to leave Britain for the Algarve at 7pm yesterday.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year old man were removed from the plane.
Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions delayed the flight.
President Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug dealers.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving life in prison.
The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel Mohsni about his discipline.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday night.
The Ibrox side will attempt to bounce back from the first loss of McCall's tenure.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.
In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing.
And they were a third less likely than when chewing gum.
The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
Study is the first to examine the effects of chewing gum on earworms.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal.
The German has failed to score since arriving in Serie A in January.
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season.
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995.
Now her son plans to conquer K2 himself.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on Hudson River with Angelika Graswald when he was thrown in on Sunday evening.
She managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America.
In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two eBooks detailing his strategies: How to Fly for Free and How to Find Free Flights.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger.
Allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them.
The GIFs are created in the Camoji app.
Once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning.
Francis Brennan's badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach.
He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences.
Monk was on the UK's most wanted list on suspicion of drug trafficking.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month.
Mr Miliband's intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
Mr Major said the SNP would break their pledge not to hold another referendum 'for a generation'
Two incidents raised concerns about security of shipping lanes in Strait of Hormuz.
First incident revealed by Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris.
Four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship to Iran's Larak Island after firing warning shots across the bows and boarding the vessel.
Chelsea quartet celebrated the Songkran festival with kick-ups.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown took part.
The quartet were joined by club mascot Stamford the Lion.
Brown captained Chelsea's Under 19 side to UEFA Youth League final.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday.
Angel di Maria, Juan Mata, Marcus Rojo, Chris Smalling and Marouane Fellaini have proved their worth.
The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury.
James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault.
She struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014.
Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin was 'completely justified in her outrage'
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment.
Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine addict and branded her 'Miss Bonkers'
Tribunal found she was a'resilient person' who had suffered 'disgraceful' harassment.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon.
The 37-year-old daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect.
Between 2009 and 2014 617 youngsters aged under ten in West Midlands.
Figures show 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year.
Nine-year old girl also linked to case of criminal damage and five suspected of sexual offences.
Police admit some of the figures may be inaccurate.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim.
Chloe's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken.
She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted before being forced into Huminski's car.
He was on his way to Southampton, where his sister lives, French prosecutors said.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women.
Ms Morris claims the two are 'crazy for each other' and that she trusts him 'completely'
She has a 28-year-old son from a previous relationship and met Mr Holpin through Plenty Of Fish in 2012 - and he's still on the site.
Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia.
Shocking natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on Wednesday in the city.
Just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded and the sky returned to normal.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two.
The Cumbrians are just two places and three points above the relegation zone.
Keith Curle has laid into his players following their 3-1 defeat at Accrington Stanley.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup at the Stade de France.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot.
Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header.
Ibrahimovic missed last season's final through injury.
The warring sisters were stripped of the right to control their mother's fortune.
The hostility meant they would never be able to make rational decisions.
Judge Denzil Lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document so she could gain greater control over her mother’s money.
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against looming gun-control efforts.
LaPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands'
Clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the Democratic nomination for president on Sunday.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing.
His mother, Kim, 43, said her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun'
Kim, from Gorton, Manchester, slammed what she calls lenient sentence.
Said: 'Jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it'
Killer, now 17, jailed for eight months for manslaughter at Manchester Crown Court.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
He allegedly targeted them during army interview and screening process.
Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas.
Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kim Scott posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding between Ms Scott and her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner on Saturday.
Ms Scott's sister wrote a lengthy poem detailing how the couple met, fell in love, and got engaged.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin.
The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well.
Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records.
It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride.
The 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew.
Coleman is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase.
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday.
But as he fights to throw out the allegations, the New York Daily News reports that police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'
The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City on Saturday.
Looking down, Chapman carried the couple's four-
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser currently costs £6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon.
It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients, which makes it less harsh on the skin than other facewashes containing long lists of chemicals.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family in Mosul, Iraq, last August.
She and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped.
Hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window, but two of them were caught as they fled.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'
She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida, on Wednesday.
It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas said the country had been 'running on empty' since February.
With a debt repayment deadline looming on May 1, Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the IMF.
Greece's biggest tax office had its electricity cut off yesterday after the finance ministry failed to pay its power bills.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea.
The 21-year-old beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney.
MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of Year award.
The cyclone strength winds currently battering the NSW coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast Low.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever.
Powerful winds on Monday night and Tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in Edgecliff, in Sydney's eastern suburbs.
An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region.
A floodwater rescue operation is underway in Hunter area where there have been
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her home and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds.
The 29-year-old was banned from swimming in September for drink-driving.
Phelps will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School.
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.
The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault at Swindon Crown Court.
He also attempted to rob two men after drinking heavily at a party.
Ashton Taylor has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson.
The 21-year-old Perth student was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in July 2013.
She has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms, hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years.
Miss Taylor has taken to her mum Suzannah’s blog Chronicles of a Lumpy Person to share her distressing experience.
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets during Barca's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo on Sunday.
The Celta striker was frustrated with Busque's time-wasting tactics.
Busquets made the most of the contact and grabbed his eye.
Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy.
Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
He even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through.
Alan Barnes was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear.
He was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year.
The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by Katie Cutler.
Mr Barnes, 67, was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house.
It boasts two bedrooms, a spacious living room, modern kitchen and large bathroom.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters.
Arnold Palmer is unable to play due to a dislocated shoulder.
The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.
The changes could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township early Sunday morning.
The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
A guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
David Moyes waved goodbye to Manchester United exactly a year ago.
The club decided to take action as soon as a defeat at Everton meant Champions League qualification was no longer possible.
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four.
Moyes and Van Gaal have both made mistakes but the Dutchman seems to have the strength of personality to correct them.
Philippe Saint-Andre has struggled as head coach of Les Bleus.
He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of the national side.
Saint-Andre will remain in charge for the World Cup in England from September 18 to October 31.
Serena Williams reached the Miami Open final on Saturday.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year.
Williams is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile.
If she wins on Saturday she will have earned £4.33m in prize money.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - is a militant group that opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime.
It was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the regime in 2011.
Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the 'largest military parade witnessed'
The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia.
Roberto Cinti was driving the Ferrari 599 GTO when he mistook the throttle for the brake.
The £300,000 supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds.
Cinti blamed the car's semi-automatic transmission for bamboozling him.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a new propaganda video.
The 23-year-old has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil.
He is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie said he was fit to play but Louis van Gaal has ruled him out.
Van Gaal said he has been dreaming of beating rivals City.
United boss also ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria.
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
With their device, the company says this ‘gap’ in aviation security can be plugged, and it can scan an entire plane in about 20 minutes.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport in 2014.
The male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport.
Denver Police Department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified.
David Nicholson, 48, allegedly used school email to set up threesome with prostitute.
Married father-of-four'sent explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on dressing up.
Mr Nicholson, from Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, is still under investigation by Ofstead.
He is said to have arranged a liaison in a hotel room on a night when he was due to be working away from home.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990.
Investigators believe her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered.
The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open.
Forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca.
Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal for City at the Etihad.
James Milner was substituted as he waited to come back on following treatment.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.
But they believe a private education is the best way to achieve it.
So desperate are they to get their son Craig into a local prep school.
They've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees.
Also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half, taken in lodgers.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday.
The result saw Napoli drop from third place to sixth in Serie A.
President Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her son for being sick and left him to die in agony.
She then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods near Kirkcaldy.
Police Scotland launched an internal investigation into the claims last year.
At least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed.
Image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) are visible from further away.
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory.
Can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury.
Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats.
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton.
The mayor's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party.
He hopes left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus.
China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
Experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms.
But one European scientist pointed out that the number of dust storms over the decades has always been variable.
Deep within Utah's San Rafael desert, thousands upon thousands of goblins lurk in the shadows.
But rather than frightening visitors, they are a geologist's dream: gnarly rock formations which have been created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone.
The 'hoodoos' are rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's debate.
Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.
She sat out the rest of the debate.
Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were held to a 1-1 draw by Wolves on Saturday.
Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining.
McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
It says amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science, will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale.
Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range.
West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street.
Moynihan was released from the hospital Friday after weeks of recovery.
The Boston Police Department described his current condition as'serious but improving'
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB.
Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side.
Only the ECB could launch the domestic NatWest T20 Blast on the same day as an England Test match.
Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets.
McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day on Twitter, calling it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion'
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
Social media users launched a Twitter tyrade calling for the company to fire the reporter.
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in a park in Trenton, New Jersey.
People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!'
Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Ken Clarke has bemoaned the Conservatives' recent electoral performances.
He said the party has 'become much too right-wing' to win an election outright.
Mr Clarke also warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Padraig Harrington has returned to Augusta after a year's absence.
The US Public Links champion opened with a 74 on his Masters debut.
American amateur Byron Meth continues to impress at Augusta.
Kim and Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel.
Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband.
She has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks.
Michael O'Leary took aim at Air France in an interview with Le Journal du Dimanche.
He said the airline will pass the oil savings on to customers.
Ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village.
Poundbury is Prince Charles' personal 20-year social experiment.
Inside the estate there is supposed to be no social classes.
Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the most decorated footballers ever.
Ronaldo ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.
The 38-year-old has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Keith Cameron, 54, scammed his friend and neighbour out of £476,864.
He promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment in two years.
But it was all an elaborate lie and Cameron was today jailed for five years.
Bubba Watson is four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International.
Watson was struggling on one over after 13 holes on Thursday.
The American's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place.
The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday.
Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn.
Lisa Mearkle, 36, is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick.
Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground.
The offense of criminal homicide encompasses a range of charges.
A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am.
Officials said the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute.
Police evacuated some surrounding homes as they addressed the situation.
Hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home.
Upon entering the house Hildbidle was found dead.
The whereabouts of his wife are not known.
Geoff Barrow said his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 in royalties.
Portishead founder attacked Spotify, YouTube, Apple and Universal Music.
He added that he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more.
Says it is hurting young talent, stopping them from establishing themselves on scene.
Five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the Australian Navy on HMAS Stirling.
The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011.
The sperm whale is the largest toothed whale.
Adult males reach 16-20 meters (50-65 feet) in length.
Males are much smaller than males, reaching only 11 meters (36 feet) on average.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla.
Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping Negredo next season, but City are adamant that the deal will go through as planned.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Louis van Gaal prefers to work with young players like Cavani.
The Uruguayan has not scored as many goals as he should have done.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens.
They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen.
The first Russian plane brought Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia.
Premier League and Football League will observe minute's silence this weekend.
Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster.
Norwich beat Brighton 2-1 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday.
Bradley Johnson scored the winning goal in the 62nd minute.
Steven Whittaker played Nathan Redmond down the right touchline.
Fenerbahce team bus was shot at near the city of Trabzon on Saturday.
The bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital.
None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
Crime victims in Bedfordshire and Devon are waiting up to a third longer.
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent.
Labour's Yvette Cooper claimed victims of crime were being put at risk.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image of herself pointing gun on Facebook.
She captioned image, in which she is seen beaming while holding deadly weapon.
Then 'exchanged words' with other users on the social networking site, it is reported.
Holmes, who lives in Virginia, has been charged with harassment by computer.
Facing Class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and $2,500 fine.
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah.
He said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear of losing his family.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for her daughter Alice to go to school.
Alice's brothers Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia.
He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two other cubs.
Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild in eastern Russia.
Grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed.
Footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey.
The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
Scientists have reported multiple cases of cape fur seals attacking blue sharks in South Africa.
They have been seen devouring their guts before leaving the rest of the carcass.
Divock Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1.
The Belgian striker was recently voted the second most overrated player in a poll by France Football.
But Mignolet expects his international team-mate to shine at Liverpool.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, on Friday.
The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools.
Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off.
His friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during ordeal.
He was found dumped a few miles away, close to the A3.
Metropolitan Police confirmed no arrests have yet been made in connection with the incident.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year.
70 per cent of women rely on pure chance while 47 per cent rely on pot luck.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy.
Saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look.
Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
She found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for the hosts after 17 minutes.
Leonardo Bonucci doubled the lead in the second half.
A steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray on Sunday afternoon.
Gray, 25, died from spinal injuries about a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries.
Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody.
At a church service earlier Sunday, Pastor Jamal Bryant told churchgoers that'somebody is going to have to pay' for Gray's death.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she discovered the mirror.
She opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through it.
The mirror was initially set up as part of a Halloween prank in 2001.
Despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz has no plans to get rid of it.
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women were kidnapped by ISIS last year.
They have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State.
Some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors.
Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions.
Others are seeking hymen surgery to'reverse the loss of virginity'
AP McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday.
Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
His book of rides for his final day as a professional jockey will not be finalised until Friday morning.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess.
Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags, and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood'
'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place.
Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere'
Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond.
Australian TV presenter Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles since before the Kardashians began Instagramming it.
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure.
Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Photographer Scott Gable spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
Rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population, but for many consumers, its origin remains somewhat of a mystery.
The crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in Asia.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday.
Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California during the offseason.
He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing
Guy Martin wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar.
He said he reached 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby on Isle of Man.
The 33-year-old said he was'revving with excitement' as he drove the car.
Mr Martin is facing a police probe after boasting he reached the top speed.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.
The FA are in a tricky position because they are getting hammered by the travelling fans at every game.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm Friday.
Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat.
The fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house.
He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot.
Police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction.
Tom O'Carroll joined supporters of media pressure group Hacked Off.
Former Open University information officer attended rally in Parliament on February 25.
PIE was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed.
Comedian and former The View star, Joy Behar, tweeted on Monday: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with'
The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue.
Mrs Kebede is the last black woman to cover the magazine in five years.
In January, Jourdan Dunn became the first black model to cover British Vogue in 12 years.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask demanded cash from a Christchurch dairy on Saturday.
The offender, described as being'very tall', made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash.
Police say there were no signs of any weapons used but that the robber remained at large.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born.
She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday, but defied doctors.
Now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children.
Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
Panel convened by Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF)
Will look at thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records.
Sceptics claim adjustments are usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards.
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk.
The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire yesterday.
The 68-year-old former US President said he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped propel him to victory.
Mrs Clinton is expected to launch her presidential bid within the next two weeks.
'Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers around the world began to uncover the gory details.
The documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year.
This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development.
They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to form the lip and petals.
The researchers were able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing.
Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them, which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers, by promoting
Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account.
This is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland on Wednesday.
The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks, attending rehearsals, celebrating Easter together with their children, and at a party for Georgina’s birthday earlier in the week.
New York Magazine called the show 'badly written' and 'frustrating,' while the New York Times said the production is 'largely made up of empty calories'
The tiny copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago.
It suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean.
On one side there is a horse’s head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of Carthage.
Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC.
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in June 2011.
She had a dictaphone recording of her'suicide note' saying she couldn't live anymore.
Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping Ms Forde commit suicide.
The taxi driver is accused of making arrangements for the wheelchair-bound woman to travel to Zurich, Switzerland, and helping her buy and administer a toxic substance.
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American.
The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Teenagers detained at their homes in Coventry during 6am raid today.
A 39-year-old man also held on suspicion of fundraising for terrorism.
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station.
West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists.
Colin Hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before driving.
He was seen speeding through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, a court heard.
Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines.
Hendry, who played for Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City, must travel around on his bike.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability.
The Manchester United striker has scored one Premier League goal this season.
Rooney practices his free-kicks every day, and often hits the target.
Wilson also praised Radamel Falcao's predatory instincts.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy.
By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock.
He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.
And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival, which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Three dogs – a Husky called Sky, a Springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black and white Springer Spiffer called Marshall – take their positions on their make-shift stage.
Getting the tune underway, Sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on Sky’s ear as if whispering something – Sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction.
Photographs show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen.
Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting.
But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear.
Photographer Olga Barantseva said: 'We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears'
Taken in the capital Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
Although police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies, the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life.
In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his Sheffield constituency.
He won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent.
Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
But a poll by Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters in Sheffield Hallam are now planning to vote for Mr Clegg's Labour opponent Oliver Coppard.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance.
But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it.
The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007.
His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump.
SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament.
Ms Sturgeon believes coalition's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen the SNP's hand.
But Labour leader Ed Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists.
Swansea host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six games under caretaker manager John Carver.
Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of the game.
Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests.
People paying £150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of Mayfair and Covent Garden in London are now worth several million.
People living in these plush properties could now get the chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 in London.
The properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions when new developments are built over a certain size.
Many of them were built years ago in areas which have now become expensive and are worth millions of pounds.
Aaron Cook has been granted Moldovan citizenship.
The 24-year-old has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Cook has received a Moldovan passport and will compete for them at Rio 2016.
Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal in the FA Cup on Saturday afternoon.
The Reds are seven points adrift of fourth in the Premier League table.
Philippe Coutinho believes winning the cup would save their season.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws.
Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs.
SsangYong is launching a new sports utility vehicle from under £13,000.
Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
The entry level SE, from £12,950, is finished in grey cloth trim and includes 16-in alloys, cruise control, a petrol stop/go system, seven airbags and'smart' steering with normal, comfort and sport modes.
Eni Mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, lungs and liver six months after she befriended David Marshall while out jogging.
The pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife.
Marshall, 68, was on licence at the time of the attack when he killed the forensic science student.
He must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival.
The 39-year-old kayaker was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday.
Mr Baggaley's barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer.
The FA and Premier League blame each other for their respective rights holders, Sky and the BBC, scheduling the marquee Chelsea vs Manchester United league match against the FA Cup semi-final between Reading and Arsenal.
The FA say that the dates were known at the start of the season, while the Premier League point to the Sky fixtures for the weekend having been set last February.
Luke Shaw enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as C minus.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts will be moved to Saturday, May 2.
The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live.
Hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with Rangers for the play-off slots.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
His body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen.
She told medics she believed she was in labour and was prepared to deliver child.
But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant.
Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Ms Walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
Aberash Bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage.
She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors.
Miss Jolie helped produce the film and spoke about how it will'make a change'
But she believes the film could put her and her family in danger.
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday in 1998.
Harry Kane scored 18 goals in 36 Premier League appearances.
Kane has matched Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall.
He chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair.
Keeley launched a chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her.
Barristers had to step in to break the pair up and Keeley was jailed for two years.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester despite his injury troubles.
Croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle.
The 29-year-old missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine.
The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize.
In the process ended his trainer Oliver Sherwood’s wretched record in the race.
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths.
But 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week's school trip.
Sally Cox, 39, said she 'doesn't want to put her son at risk of being shot'
Another parent said: 'This decision is not one based on ignorance or racial or religious beliefs, but one based purely on safety concerns'
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.
He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf.
Then rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg.
Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their controversial relationship in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20'
The interview will air on Friday on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
The former Seattle teacher will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted, as well as her hopes to teach again one day.
She will also talk out about how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap.
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea.
Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other.
However a Resolution Advisory (RA) was given to both planes.
Etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams.
The 33-year-old had accused her of having an affair with her partner.
Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at a charity event.
She left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear.
Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match.
FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension is wrong.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW.
The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade.
It was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln in northwest China.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom.
Jemima says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
The actress says that it's obstacles like these that have made her want to speak out publicly about reproductive rights.
Daniel, five, made the unwitting admission during an ITV interview.
It comes as Miliband wheeled out his children for the cameras.
The comment was made during an interview in which the Milibands cook eggs.
But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells camera the spartan kitchen is the ‘best’ in the £2.7million home.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final.
Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team.
Wilcox was let go by his current employers as a teenager.
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday.
Kawhi Leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals.
Stephen Curry had 24 points, but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting by Leonard.
LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran, took chase in December 2012 after Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston.
Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license.
Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking the motorcyclist once in the thigh.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Martinez.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene can reduce their risk of death by 60%.
The Hollywood star had an oophorectomy in March and had a double mastectomy two years before.
Women who carry a mutated version of the gene face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70% if diagnosed.
Shirley Temple's ex-husband John Agar tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check.
He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much.
His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by hyperemesis gravidarum.
Condition causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
Pregnant women with HG are more likely to have children with language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a study claims.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, allegedly shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday, police have said.
Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
Victoria, 41, wore heels to cheer on her son Romeo, 12, in the children's marathon.
Accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair.
The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over.
Picture of the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi.
His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims.
Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions.
It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on the union’�s militant boss Len McCluskey.
Tory donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign, with a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds.
Jared Quirk, 18, fell to the ground in Athens, Greece, on Friday.
He was walking with friends from Rockland High School in Massachusetts.
Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football, died a hospital in Athens.
It is the third death Quirk has died in the past six months.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style.
Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles, which was the case when he was at Wigan when they were in relegation battles every season.
Psychology expert Ramani Durvasula said that shopping at or assembling furniture from the Scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction.
The more complicated the assembly, the more likely your new IKEA buy will leave you and your partner at odds.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago.
What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened.
This is known as the giant impact hypothesis.
It is also consistent with the leading theories of the formation of the solar system.
James Rodriguez opened the scoring for Real Madrid with a left-footed volley.
Cristiano Ronaldo doubled the lead just before half-time.
Almeria have won two out of their last three games against Real.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday.
The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a pedestrian.
Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger.
The Saints midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Wanyama joined Southampton from Celtic for £12.5million in 2013.
Eligah Christian, 49, was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars.
Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla.
He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Radamel Falcao has endured a frustrating season on loan at Manchester United.
The striker has scored just four times since his loan move from Monaco.
Manchester United chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will compete at the Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis.
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty.
Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
Rapper Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga.
Tyga appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it.
Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday.
The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30.
Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months.
He has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
His parents Craig, 28, and Jemma, 21, decided to fast track their wedding.
They had been engaged for three years but had to get permission from Archbishop of Canterbury.
Manchester City have been reined in by Financial Fair Play.
Gary Neville believes a star player will always choose the Etihad.
Neville believes City need to be bold and take on FFP regulations.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him with Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices.
Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album.
Each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears.
All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos.
Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses.
The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals.
They build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors.
If they are successful, the pair mate and the male looks after young that hatch from sticky eggs until they are ready to fend for themselves after around a month.
During low tide, the sounds made by the fish were shorter in duration and had lower main frequencies.
Photographer Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter.
The Flash Pack's tour company is a small group flashpacking tour company in southeast Asia.
Thompson captured a man casually puffing on a cigarette and carrying what looks like more than 20 live chickens in woven cages.
In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side must improve in the big games.
Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since 1956-1959 not to win a trophy.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the Germanwings flight's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside.
Girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27.
She said: 'We should concentrate on changing the system that enables such people to be in positions of power'
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page.
Her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Thelma & Louise star Susan Sarandon.
A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville.
Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in a way that is positive and never hurtful.
Mother and ten ducklings waddled into office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Staff helped them cross busy high street and dashed to help them across.
But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office.
They stayed for the morning wondering the corridors and drinking from water bowls.
Restaurateurs in Italy are angry with the US corporation for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court.
The row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza.
Patrick Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
He was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say.
Fredricksen has been booked into Emery County Jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology company's building in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Saturday morning.
All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide, Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said.
During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but provided no details.
Fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms.
A 4WD has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west, just before 4pm.
Police believe that all children are under the age of six.
One child who died in hospital was aged seven.
Another child, who died en route to the Royal Children's Hospital, was aged one and a half.
The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital.
Adrian Schaffner was skiing in the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair.
The dog Sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft into hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011.
She was playing outside with sisters Abigail, 14, and Adelynn, 10.
Mother Christy, 42, said: 'I saw in Anna's eyes the conscious decision to confide in us'
Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises.
Doctors said 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour.
Zlaaatan.com has an identical house style to Google and operates just like the search engine.
The click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google, while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page.
Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle were posted on Twitter.
He correctly predicted that Jordan Ibe would make his first Liverpool start.
But he was not far off from correctly predicting the starting line-ups.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts.
The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.
Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
In court on Friday, the judge told Hansen: 'You're a mother yourself. It's beyond me to understand your behavior'
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions.
The firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of Northampton.
If results are positive, a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods.
Singer Miley Cyrus this week challenged convention by leaving her underarms unshaved.
Experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for you.
Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011.
It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position.
If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' in the Smart Lock menu.
Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face, the screen automatically unlocks.
This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen.
England dominated the second day of a farcical match in St Kitts.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood were brought in for a work out.
Gary Ballance looked out of touch, the only real problem for England.
Adil Rashid outperformed James Tredwell to be England's Test spinner.
Aaronessa Keaton was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child.
Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children.
One of the children later died from their injuries.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb.
He went on to develop pneumonia, suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections.
His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby was allowed to touch his mother for the first time, 10 days after his birth.
Chinese tourists spent $164 billion on foreign trips last year.
Police, customs officers, border control and bank credit agencies will be contacted.
They are hoping strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday.
Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
Wearing smoke masks, they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, had emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine.
Now she has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma (a surgically created opening in the abdomen) and a bag.
She reveals all about what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health.
Sign has been erected outside a university building in Cambridge.
It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind.
Sign put up behind building previously used by Greek Orthodox Church.
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19.
She allegedly murdered her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in Bali.
Mack and her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of murder.
A blanket fell away, revealing the child's face for the first time.
Yaphet Kotto said James Bond cannot be portrayed by a black man.
He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor.
His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba is in the running.
Hogs Breath Cafe in Aspley, Queensland, is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad.
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.
Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police.
The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues.
Tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race.
Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on Saturday night when his mate shot him in the back.
'All of a sudden I heard this whack and the sound of a gun shot,' he said.
Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left.
The keen hunter has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital on Monday.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy.
This energy is used throughout the day, and is stored for when the sun sets.
Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can use their stored supply for power.
The system comes in different sizes ranging from the Sonnensperher 300, which is 4.8 kWh, to the Sonenspericher 600 at 8.06 kWh up to the 1000 model which offers 13.44 kWh.
Prices start at €8,450 (£6,170)
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country.
Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman.
Police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival.
She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday reminding DOJ employees not to solicit prostitutes.
His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax.
He was evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions have been dragged in recent years.
Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax – paid by all large firms on their profits – as the Tories have vowed to.
Orlando City host Portland Timbers at Providence Park on Sunday.
Kaka posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance.
The former AC Milan midfielder has not found the back of the net since Friday.
John and Carolyn Jackson were stationed at Picatinny Arsenal, a military installation about 40 miles west of New York City, when the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010.
They had three biological children who showed no signs of abuse, but they disciplined their three foster children by withholding food and water as punishment and by hitting them with different objects.
The treatment left them with bruises and injuries including, for one child, a skull fracture and spinal fracture, and for another, a broken arm.
Quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas.
Quakes were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
Hang is also passionate about improving working conditions in Cambodia, where his heritage lies.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad for the clash against Ireland.
The 23-year-old batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia.
Ansari celebrated his call-up with four Essex wickets at The Kia Oval.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park, Georgia.
One hit 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit her son, Pierre, in head.
Pierre had apparently been trying to protect sister, 13, from other boy.
When first responders arrived at scene, Pierre was lying unconscious on floor.
He was not breathing and bullet was lodged in his head, it is alleged.
Tilson arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault.
She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the American War of Independence.
Collection has been under lock and key for 200 years and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch.
Declaring herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before, Her Majesty admired the poems, which were written by the Shah of Persia himself.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for tackling Leicester forward Laurence Pearce.
The Tongan number eight had been warned in the past over his ill-discipline.
Leicester fought back from a 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated Welsh.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi is the biggest in the Middle East.
More than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to pray during the annual Eid celebrations.
British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors.
Everardo Custodio, 22, was firing into a crowd of people in the Chicago neighborhood Logan Square about 11.50pm Friday when an Uber driver witnessing incident produced his own firearm.
The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds, striking him multiple times.
Custodio was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
Police have not yet released a motive for Everado's shooting.
Kristina Schake, 45, has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA.
Has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team.
She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician into softer, more accessible figure.
Ms Schake's work helped to transform Michelle Obama's public image.
Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away.
The new observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde, a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid.
The recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham made stark warning this morning.
They said the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the Tories in government.
Labour said there had been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS.
Ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise.
500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys on A&E.
Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers.
He was shot dead by a crackunit from the Australian SAS in 2008.
Donaldson was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Afghanistan.
Four years earlier he had been ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord.
The warlord had boasted he would kill the royal heir.
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Glasgow for £780,700 in December 2011.
She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home'
It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room complete with a marble fireplace.
Rafa Benitez has reached his seventh European semi-final in 12 seasons.
The Spaniard guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005.
Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season.
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen.
Agger rejoined Brondby from Liverpool last August.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal.
Argentine defender was pictured with team-mate Angel di Maria on the plane.
Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria.
Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year.
He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months.
The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
It will be buoyant, so if he somehow finds himself in the sea, he will be able to float until he is rescued.
His goal is to see an iceberg ‘in the last phase of its long life,’ observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean.
Mr Bellini’s plan is to place his capsule
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence.
The spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated.
Chelsea will play Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday.
The Blues beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals of the competition on Friday.
Adi Viveash's side will start as favourites in Nyon, Switzerland.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Adidas Ultra Boost trainers go on sale for £130 ahead of the London Marathon.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday)
The trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women.
They are made using adidas Primeknit fabric which is said to 'allow the natural expansion of any foot shape'
Boeing 747-8 was customised to fit the owner's specifications over a three-year period.
It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen.
More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck of the vessel, with eight full beds.
Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office.
The jeans designer is reportedly owed $126,594 in taxes between March and December 2012.
Liano's denim empire started in 1986 in Melbourne, but ran into difficulty in recent years.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs.
The 31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages.
He believed strays were responsible for giving him tuberculosis several years ago.
Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed him a fine of just £200.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300.
In response, Asda has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting at just £4.
The collection includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown and sateen romper.
A full outfit for the baby’s big day costs just £20 at Asda.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit.
He said the Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners.
Kady Marsh was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family.
When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby Isla, she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘over 18s only’
'I said: "Oh no, she's only seven-weeks-old. She's just a tiny baby, that's ridiculous,"’ Kady said.
'He said we couldn't be there and told me to
Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
His mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth to care for her son full-time.
The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen.
About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round.
Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history.
Johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow American.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey are on the same mark as Johnson.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs around the par-three course.
Horan got an opportunity to tee off on one hole while Tiger Woods also played the contest for the first time in 11 years.
Trinity Culley watched the baby-birthing programme against her parents' wishes.
But when her mother Dee's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule, she sprang into action.
She calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay.
Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'
The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep.
Sterling scored in last night’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United.
Henry Howes got stuck in the machine at the Snowdome in Tamworth, Staffordshire.
He put his hand inside the machine's hatch but slipped under the trap door.
The four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped inside.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him.
In a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
Williams, 48, says Taylor shouted, 'I'm going to get you mother*******'
Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke to Kyle Sandliands and Jackie O on Friday.
Says she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on.
Said she was out of control after stint on Young Divas in 2008.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words at a London press conference on Thursday.
The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29.
Saunders handed his rival his first career defeat.
Eubank will be making the first defence of his WBA interim belt while Saunders will have a warm-up 'international contest' before his challenge for the WBO middleweight title.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'
His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
When George Osborne reduced it to 45p, Labour railed against what it has ever since called a'millionaires' tax cut'
The rate applied to income over £150,000, and Labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013.
Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity.
She also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother.
Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her'medical expenses'
High school friend Chelsey Whild said a further $2,000 was raised for Meaghan at a bowling alley event.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is part therapist and part acting coach, known as the 'celebrity whisperer'
Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains and scantily clad women before selling the videos online.
The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Some clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Davidson's wife, Dr Terri Halperin, was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting.
Stephen Pasceri, 55, opened fire on Davidson at the hospital January 20, killing him and taking his own life.
Pasceri's relatives suggested that he was angry over the death of his mother, whom Davidson had treated.
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old McDonald's worker over her order of fries.
She allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face.
Ms Johnson was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17 at 6.10pm.
The mother has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.
Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988.
Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
The pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013.
Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28.
He was portrayed as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam.
Kitsap Sun printed the cartoon two weeks on from the incident.
The paper defended the decision in an op-ed.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban'
The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation.
Bergdahl disappeared in June, 2009 from a combat post in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan and was captured by the Taliban.
He spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress
Veronica Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.
Four were killed instantly in the collision.
Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
The Eagles Palace hotel is 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki.
It is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
The hotel is an awarded member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World group.
Dozens of workers at the Mauritius factory have been sacked and deported.
Workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions.
They were protesting over conditions at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile factory.
Jordan Spieth has hailed the'most incredible week' of his life.
The 21-year-old held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win the Masters.
Spieth is the second youngest Masters winner of all time and first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years.
Sales of Manny Pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather.
Philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow was suspended for seven minutes on Sunday.
Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal's website.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall.
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes said it was a political protest.
Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah.
Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried.
A Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years following an appeal.
Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry him so that her first daughter - named Smile - could live a shame-free life
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected.
She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament.
There is interest from China in hosting the event.
Luke Shambrook has been reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park on Friday.
He was suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his ordeal.
His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the Congressional Gold Medal to the National Museum of the US Air Force on Saturday.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director.
The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 95.
Firefighter Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.
During the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis also wasn't shy about standing up for herself.
Sales of books about Islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015.
It comes as a special magazine supplement focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket.
Experts believe people are buying the books and magazines because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent.
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March.
The Frenchman has now won 14 times at Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United.
Sir Alex Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all, including the one in October 2012.
Wenger's win means Arsenal have now 14 overall, the same as Liverpool.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.
The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed that his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.
The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Paul Pogba has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested.
Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy.
She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.
Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, was given five years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson.
Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
Anderson died after being beaten and run over.
Pietro Boselli, 26, from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths teacher.
He says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at the University College London.
The Italian model, who has a PHD, is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012.
He was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital.
Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the toddler suffered came from a paddle board.
Darcy was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London.
He emailed wardens posing as court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'
It allowed him to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
Map suggests rust belt straddles upper northeastern US, Great Lakes, and Midwest states.
Coal region is found in Northeastern Pennsylvania and spine of Appalachian Mountains.
Searches for n****r are less frequent in regions west of Texas.
Brian and Amanda Bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son Jackson in February.
Brian Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
After going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck.
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis.
She died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month.
Fuller has written about how her illness went undiagnosed until her early 20s.
Said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and her suicide doesn't change that.
First time since records began that sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row.
Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy.
They are also a major rebuff to Tony Blair's claim that quitting the EU would cause'significant damage to our economy'
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante.
Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old.
Arsenal would be willing to sell Kante for around £5million.
Poppy Moore married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday.
She wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
Among the guests were Poppy's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
The young boy cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks.
He repeated claim that Holocaust was 'a detail of history' and praised Marshal Petain.
Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, confirmed she would seek party's nomination.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her.
But in an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Poston 'the nose job he wanted'
'I shot him enough times to kill him,’ she said, ‘so that he wouldn't suffer... He was laying there, twitching and making noises, and I shot him
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting.
But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media.
Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body.
One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Van Gaal has taken United back to where they wanted to be.
Ashley Young has been arguably United's best player this season.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire.
The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix.
Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut.
She turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday and was charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor.
Massimo Cellino claims Red Bull are considering a takeover bid.
Leeds owner Cellino is currently serving a Football League disqualification.
Cellino said majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering an offer.
But Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of the offer.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and four children caught on CCTV.
Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
But Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara.
They are currently in custody with their four children - daughter Zoha, seven, and three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs.
Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza.
Dropped to 12 stone in less than two years and is planning to marry Luke Haynes.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter.
She was suspended for one week after video emerged showing her vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend.
When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status.
Despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this
Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $4.30, 51 percent more than New York.
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag.
He fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates.
Manchester City Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final first-leg.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
Big-spending City have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars.
Donald Trelford was 76 when his son Ben was born and his daughter Poppy was born.
He says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding.
But he takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier.
The video has received mixed reviews on YouTube, although the majority of comments appear to be from those who found humour in the satire.
George and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their mansion.
Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February.
It comes after local Italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated when her dog Ben was stolen.
West Highland terrier was snatched from her garden in Knowle West, Bristol.
Mrs Garton put up posters near her home but received a call threatening to cut up the dog unless she paid £500.
The caller gave the address of an empty house and a phone number which she handed to police, who are now investigating.
Three Afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of Taliban fighters.
They were blindfolded and handcuffed on barren hilltop, before being shot in the head at point-blank range.
Hundreds of locals had gathered in the rural province of Ghanzi to witness the public killings.
Dozens of Taliban gunmen, some of whom were in vehicles, kept guard around the site during the execution.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm)
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem.
Darron Gibson is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar are back in contention.
Steven Davis a doubt for Southampton with groin injury.
Fraser Forster out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery.
Aubrey de Grey believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age.
De Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley.
The super-rich tech enclave is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
The ECB want to 'create a culture' in which captain Alastair Cook had 'the full support of all players'
Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach.
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.
His older brother Christopher killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective.
The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model.
A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch.
They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current watch.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28.
The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi.
Sarabi was dropped
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper.
Major Draper was a mourner at her fiance's funeral two years ago.
Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales.
They became engaged in 2013 and are now engaged.
Andrew Getty, 47, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises, like no other, the saying that money doesn’t bring you happiness.
The blue jellyfish-like creatures are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington during strong winds this time of year.
They are covered beaches including Seaside, Manzanita, Astoria and Rockaway Beach.
Velella velella are not technically jellyfish, but they are closely related to them and are similar to the Man-O-War.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van.
Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation.
Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man.
But it was in fact Alan Rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull of Fred Hatch.
Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act.
Mr Hatch's sister Betty Elston was murdered on a beach in 1971.
The boy, dressed in full combat gear, launched a series of missiles at the officers.
The boy's stone attack came as violence erupted during Palestinian Prisoners Day.
More than 100 Palestinians rallied near Israel's separation barrier in the village of Bilin.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the Family Circle Cup.
The Canadian top seed has struggled recently, this time slumping to her fourth defeat in six matches.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.
It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries.
Ronald Koeman says his Southampton players must remain focused on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after he hinted at a move to Arsenal.
Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble.
Kerry and Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.
They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
The Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran, with talks between top U.S. and Iranian diplomats at a United Nations conference in New York.
West Ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with Umbro.
The Hammers join Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers.
Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo.
The 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Trainer Charlie Hills said the French Guineas was an option for his colt.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014.
Selby will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday.
Maflin lost to Selby in the semi-final of the China Open earlier this month.
Labour leader Ed Miliband will today pledge to'restore Britain's commitment'
He will accuse David Cameron of 'taking Britain to the edge of European exit'
Mr Miliband has ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is'very unlikely' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU that would trigger one.
Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote.
Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament.
A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay by 1% with Labour’s Will Scobie just behind on 29%.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from.
But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
Using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis - or HRMA - researchers can now identify the difference between each twin.
HRMA subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature.
The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday.
Spurs move onto tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division by inflicting New Orleans' heaviest defeat of the season.
No 1 seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff.
Visitors can feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below.
It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect.
Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
Richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.
His sayings from the hundreds of Test and One Day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments.
'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
David Villa was invited to ring the New York Stock Exchange opening bell.
The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for New York City FC.
Lucy Garrod, 27, had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problems.
But one day she woke up with an itchy and irritable right eye.
She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree.
Tests revealed she had a corneal abrasion, an ulcer on her eye, caused by bacteria getting under her lens.
Tests show Avastin gives women around four months’ extra life.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators.
Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund until it is considered for routine NHS use.
Salvina Formosa, 101, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.
The Western Sydney Local Health District's community-based program Stepping On is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people.
Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health's program, which began in 2012.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas.
His manager Dino May said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs.
The young actor, who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom, was said by his manager to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
Raheem Sterling arrived at Liverpool's Melwood base for training on Wednesday.
Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
Fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe.
David, 53, and wife Sandra, 52, from Plymouth, were harassed by Anne Greatrex.
Anne cancelled their wedding using a fake email address just weeks before the big day.
The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia, on Monday.
He took an hour-long break during a training exercise with a Norforce unit.
'He just rocked up,' said delighted Barry Trust, a resident of the tiny township.
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti.
The Brazilian model stars in sexy street-style fashion shoot in São Paulo.
Dafiti signed Alessandra because they believe she embodies the brand.
Terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course'
Those who pass will be forced to take a test, with those who pass being released immediately.
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday.
Warrington is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters.
Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Australia dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade.
England players deserve to go on to the field knowing they have been given the best chance of winning.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on.
But the England captain couldn't push on to that all-important hundred.
Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific.
The key for him is not to play the drive too early.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
He was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3.
Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon.
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'
Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus.
Lithuanian talk show An Hour with Ruta accused Norway of stealing children.
Claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents.
Said it was to strengthen Nordic country's 'genetic material'
Norway's Child Protection Service argued it was targeting Lithuanian children.
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth.
This means larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example.
And, if they exist, he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650 lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect.
Their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas, went missing from their home in rural Dublin, Virginia on March 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter.
After an intense-five days search, the child's body was found in a septic tank on White and Thomas' property.
White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister.
During their arraignment via teleconference Friday, both suspects objected to the presence of reporters in the
Labour's Chuka Umunna said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race'
He said Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism'
Comes after Farage dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote Madidi national park.
A tree toppled onto her during a storm in north-west Bolivia.
She had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury.
The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot.
Burton had three children - Santiago, Enrique, and Samaya – aged between 4 and 9.
David Healy said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact.
He suggested the success of so-called SSRI drugs was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business were charged in April 2013.
The driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned' the town's ice cream business.
Scott pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was given a fine.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm during an off-the-ball scrap on Tuesday.
The Real Madrid defender denied the claims.
Atletico Madrid travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend.
Authorities said in a news release Thursday that 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware from September 2014 to February 2015.
Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled.
Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs, said the report.
Experts at the US-Korea Institute presented three scenarios for North Korea's nuclear capability, predicting its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years.
North Korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in February 2013.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR.
Harry Kane and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order.
Austin scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year position at Angelo Gordon & Co.
The official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'
Christie's family tax returns show that his wife earns almost three times as much as him.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday.
The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds.
Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Hizb ut-Tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo alongside local al-Qaeda franchise Nusra Front, the Times has revealed.
Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities.
Maajid Nawaz, MP for Hampstead and Kilburn, was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group.
Brandon Wyne, 17, was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, on January 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light.
When the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out the car.
Griffith said she does not allow marijuana in her car and demanded to be presented with an arrest warrant.
Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor.
His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone, which culminated in the officer spraying Wy
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received fine after they took newborn out.
In process of getting out ticket fell on floor just underneath driver's seat.
Couple exchanged a number of letters with council over next two years.
Row escalated from initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on door.
Council insist they followed correct procedures and made 'appropriate decision'
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators.
But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal as French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to Lausanne.
Discussions were scheduled to cease at Midnight on Tuesday if Iran was still unwilling to agree to terms set forth
Esther McVey has called on Ed Miliband to condemn the'scurrilous' campaign against her.
The employment minister has been branded'murderer' in graffiti and songs.
She won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436.
Tim Sherwood was sacked by Tottenham Hotspur at the end of last season.
Daniel Levy brought in Mauricio Pochettino to take over at Villa Park.
Sherwood says he is still in touch with Levy and the club's board.
Villa take on Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,600 tweets.
The 22-year-old posted 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers.
Esayed pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism.
She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population.
Only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels.
Ben Flower said he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final every day.
The Wigan Warriors forward was handed a six-month ban for the attack.
Flower promised that he was a changed man after the incident.
Sergi Barjuan has been named as Almeria's new manager.
The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in May 2014.
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
But the Waukesha County circuit judge said she was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Nicky Morgan said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader.
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives.
But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie found the medal in an east Melbourne park last week.
The medal belonged to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915.
He posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum.
It led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Frederick's great-nephew.
Mr Norton says the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered the site she had set up for ex-boyfriend Sean Meade.
Claimed he had been unfaithful and had to woo a new woman.
Visitors to the Top of the World Roofing website are told it has 'ceased trading'
Mr Meade said: 'She's trying to ruin someone's life. If that's what someone wants to do, I will carry on'
Sammy Griner is better known as the face of the 'Success Kid' meme.
His mother, Laney, from Jacksonville, Florida, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
By Tuesday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.
Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
The findings come in the wake of a European court case on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat.
Raheem Sterling gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday.
The 20-year-old has been labelled an ingrate and a fool.
He has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable.
Sterling's contribution to Liverpool has been mocked.
His character has been traduced and scorn poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything.
Gwyneth Paltrow has the figure of a woman half her age.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009.
Celebrities including Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that wouldn't look out of place on a 25 year old.
The study was spawned by the Aurora, Colorado, mass shooting in July 2012.
It determined that taxpayers fork out $229 billion annually because of shootings.
That figure is more than Apple's annual revenue of $174 billion.
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in the 2005 Champions League quarter-final.
The Milan derby was widely remembered for the chaotic scenes in which Brazilian goalkeeper Dida was knocked to the ground by a flare.
Milan are 15 points off the Champions League pace in ninth.
Inter are a point and place further behind.
Michael Gridley, 26, orchestrated a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda.
Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken.
Gridley was jailed for a year at Southend Crown Court for his role in the scam.
But he managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week.
Child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10%.
Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS.
But manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges.
Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith said the figures were 'unverified'
He insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work.
The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking'
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that employed by Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide and by Nazis in 1930s.
He said article reflective of 'nasty underbelly of racism' in EU countries.
More than 1,750 people have died this year making perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014.
Sally and Stephen Morley are one of some 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology.
The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing.
It also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures.
Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property.
Mr Chapple re-posted his aerial drone shots under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham, south east London.
She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house.
Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council, after she says the school ignored at least five reports of bulling.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.
Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Jose Mourinho has revealed that he talks to God every day but never about football.
The Chelsea manager said that he and his family 'know about poverty'
Mourinho admitted that he has a strong faith in God.
Ashton Wood launched a campaign to destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep Cherokee.
He raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy the car.
The car company requested he apologise for criticising them.
Mr Wood will read out a 'not sorry' apology to Jeep on national television tonight.
It will be read out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them.
But tabloid claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted'
But yesterday detectives insisted they already had the CCTV footage.
This is in stark contrast with response given to MailOnline hours before.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.
The FA chairman is facing opposition from the Premier League.
Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille after half an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later.
Marquinhos slammed the ball into the roof of the net from close range to make it 2-2.
Dale Forrest, 26, would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone.
He decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself on Facebook.
In December 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze.
Gave up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym.
Dale has lost 10.5 stone and is now taking part in a charity boxing match.
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin.
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers.
Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week.
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England after top order collapse.
Ben Stokes and Joe Root put on 177 for the fourth wicket in Antigua.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed in the first over for a three-ball duck.
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos.
On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own.
He said: 'I have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth'
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin.
Marseille will listen to offers for the 22-year-old winger in the summer.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move if Spurs miss out on the top four this term.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard.
The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Firefighters forced entry to a flat registered to him and found jars containing various powders.
Castor beans, which can be used to make ricin, were also found.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks.
The final will take place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24.
MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history.
Brendon McCullum's aggressive brand of cricket led New Zealand to World Cup final.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights.
Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury.
The Manchester United striker has scored 10 goals this season.
Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in the Dutchman.
Real Madrid, PSG and Barcelona are also in the market.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday.
Smith is seen in the video pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that they landed on their feet.
All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Holidaymakers on the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday.
But by the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3.
Passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past the empty security cubicles.
Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid.
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her legs to Instagram this week.
The 29-year-old model is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session.
She said: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!'
Since then hundreds of other women have shared their images.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
But he faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m within six months.
Khan built himself a vast estate in Pakistan modelled on Buckingham Palace.
Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona in Serie A on Wednesday night.
Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to West Ham.
The 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by Spain.
Kurt Zouma has impressed at the heart of the Chelsea defence this season.
The 20-year-old hopes to emulate World Cup winner Marcel Desailly.
Zouma joined the Blues in January 2014 after making 73 appearances.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night.
Wigan Warriors forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final.
The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose.
The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate.
Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
She was lifted by crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital.
Neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out using the crane.
It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13.
She decided to expand her family after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008.
Now aged 64, she says Annegret is'selfish' for having more babies.
Google claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.
It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964.
The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London.
It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin.
Coroin owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught.
It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother.
Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
The former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air.
He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today.
Mr Jack, a father-of-three, collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of  Andy Murray’s wedding yesterday.
He was found to be unconscious and taken to Forth Valley Hospital, in Larbert, near Falkirk, where he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby.
The 31-year-old joined the Rams on loan until the end of the season.
Bent has been out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert.
But the Rams boss Tim Sherwood is keeping his options open.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the images as the Colima volcano in Mexico erupted.
He spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles into the atmosphere before managing to capture the rare picture.
The 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano, which first erupted in 1576, is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar.
The seminar claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
The idea is that, once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 Fahrenheit, you can ‘conquer the other fires of your life with ease'
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.
District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman'
But she ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
Tushingham was given a 26-week sentence suspended for 12 months.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks.
The Bulls took a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series.
Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The 21-year-old midfielder has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances.
Gomes has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Amanda Taylor, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor.
Police say Taylor, of Blacksburg, Virginia, killed her ex-husband Rex Taylor, 59, in retaliation for his suicide last year.
Taylor's suspected partner in crime, Sean Ball, 32, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina after the woman allegedly tried to kill him.
The young widow, who had an apparent fascination with serial killers and violence, has made multiple confessions on social media before she was apprehended.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Derby have begun the process of identifying candidates for the job.
Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves.
Hannover have gone 13 games without a win this season.
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor.
The 51-year-old Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to drum up support before May 7.
On the first day of the election campaign, he rushed from a meeting with the Queen at Buckingham Palace to a wildlife sanctuary in Solihull.
There he was introduced to Humpty, a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles.
He was even presented with cakes with his own face printed on them during a visit to the marginal seat of Poole and Mid Dorset.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison.
The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence.
At the time of his release, Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia.
It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, told MailOnline: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish'
Former U.S. Army General avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation.
He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.
Petraeus was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife, Holly.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday.
The couple were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face.
The 63-year-old claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient.
A medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register.
Vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate stress on immune cells.
This is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches.
Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
But Professor Allyson Pollock said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’
April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers.
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web.
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the heat.
The island - priced from £2,500 ($3,750) a night - is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.
Guests can unwind on sunloungers, relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock, or go for a ride in a speedboat.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving.
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again.
The Fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, winning plaudits from critics and the audience alike.
Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train.
The train was bought specifically for the epic scene at $22,000 per carriage.
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat.
'Series 7' seats have hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials.
The seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz devised a lesson plan last month, which has spread to classrooms across the nation via Twitter.
Schwartz asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation.
One student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago.
Ronnie Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election despite campaigning for a record score of 0.
He died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn, where his name will remain for the election.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool.
The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool on a one-year deal at the start of the season.
The former Newcastle striker has been AWOL since early in December.
Ranger has accused the club of 'taking the mick' out of him.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers.
It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
They will be in circulation from Monday, but an artist's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rob, 28, has disappeared from the public eye over the last year.
His family have now expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old.
Rob cut a slim figure in 2012 but has since piled on the pounds.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Tottenham, Manchester City and PSG are also among the contenders.
Celebrity Big Brother contestant said vessels 'need pushing back'
She asked listeners to a radio show: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Miss Hopkins said: 'Personally I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from, and I would make a huge bonfire of all the boats they have'
Comments were labelled 'dangerous' and a'manifestation of toxic hate' in the UK.
Singleton will be given round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris.
Candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer.
Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Afzal 20 times in east London cab office.
The court heard that Mr Fazal had threatened to show intimate pictures to her father.
Nargis Riaz, 22, was in a relationship with both men for weeks before the attack.
Chowdhury claimed killing was justified by Islam and included a passage from the Quran which said: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'
The jury failed to reach a verdict after 21 hours and 37 minutes’ deliberation.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Premier League title.
Henry was speaking after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea.
He also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket.
The dog's owner Michele Etzel said Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.
On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight.
But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor'
In the end though, she focused on her two children and her husband.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Juan Mata described the win as a'massive win'
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.
With 47% compared to only 40% of men, according to Planet Cruise.
Nearly half of women surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles.
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout.
Board member Richard G. Mason said the councils see Tessier as 'an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader'
The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest.
The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends.
It is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
Codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943.
Current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Aaron Cruden ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months.
Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction.
Surveillance footage shows one man lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at Philadelphia's 15th Street Station.
He falls, and bystanders jump back in shock.
But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.
Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada.
The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements.
At the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
Manchester United Under 18s beat City 1-0 in the'mini-derby'
Callum Gribbin scored the only goal of the game with a delightful free-kick.
Marcus Rashford wasted two decent opportunities when put through.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on English cricket.
He says the national team have lost touch with the game's public.
Booth also attacks the ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen.
England lost eight full series out of all formats in 2014.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost just one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Carl Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless.
Cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids.
Two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD)
Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods, hemp oil, wax, resin, rope, cloth, paper, and fuel.
It naturally contains compounds which affect the endocannabinoid system, an internal pathway found in mammals.
Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs.
New 6.2 mile-stretch means full range of Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time.
Nine sections of the Wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
The first complete Wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang, from about 220 BC.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
His dad Deion Sanders is said to be worth around $40million.
Sanders Jr. also enjoys showing off his luxury clothing items on his social media accounts.
Once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane, the remaining steps are done automatically.
MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions about planes.
Ten properties across Australia haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years.
Among them includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent.
A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut.
Dr Sanjay Gupta was asked to perform a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.
She only reached Kathmandu's Bir Hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain.
During the procedure, he was forced to use basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle, rather than a proper scrub sink.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago.
But it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting and wondering whether they would ever meet.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
The 24-year-old was clearly unhappy to have been substituted.
Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 in 2011 at Old Trafford.
Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of the season as 'garbage'
United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 players.
He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts.
Also faces 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons.
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin.
The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin.
This process is followed by a mask packed with hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy.
Lindsey Norman spotted the resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns.
The mother-of-two bought the buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough.
She said: 'It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter'
Family of six were pictured riding on the same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman.
A man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him.
The family's actions were condemned on social media sites after pictures of the incident appeared online in Argentina.
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded industry leaders as members of '1%'
Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms'
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night.
Officials closed the ride earlier that night after deciding heavy rain made the ride particularly dangerous.
The slide underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use, as long as there wasn't another downpour.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse.
She was found with distorted face when visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins.
But when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Mr Wilkins called his mother, Mrs Ross’ daughter Maxine, 49.
Mrs Ross was finally assessed by a doctor and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at Royal London Hospital.
If anyone won this debate it was the women.
Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing.
David Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder.
Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress.
There were moments like when he pointed to each other leader in turn, taking them all down like skittles.
Images show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo.
The meat was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption.
Jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself.
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013.
The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
He allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered 'no' on the federal firearms purchasing
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
Nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle.
Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City FC on 27 minutes.
David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Vincent Nogueira slotted home a late winner for Philadelphia.
Caroline Wozniacki made her French Open debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.
The Dane has never won a grand slam title, although she has reached the US Open final twice.
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger.
But why do we snack? And if we knew what the triggers were, would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK.
Justice Diana Bryant said Australian surrogacy laws need to be overhauled.
She said commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia and parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas.
This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis in the interim WBA lightweight title.
Mathews was handed a unanimous points decision in Liverpool.
Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out.
The Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappaqua without HIllary Clinton riding shotgun.
Instead, she's flying coach and toting her own luggage.
A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport.
Marylin Stoneman stole £22,650 from her grandmother's partner.
The 64-year-old had been entrusted with his finances after he went into care.
But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
Stoneman admitted stealing the money but was ordered to pay back £1,350.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.
For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
Each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted.
Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
The 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage.
This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.
This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear.
The system, designed by In-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer.
The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas returned for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011.
The Chelsea midfielder was booed as he operated in the first half.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days.
Claimed Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his office.
It has been claimed she tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role.
But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue criminal case.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday.
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Entitled'
The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Brazilian midfielder was sent off for Internacional in Porto Alegre.
Anderson shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card.
Fabricio also saw red for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans.
The 28-year-old left back has been suspended until the end of the week.
Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in Sheffield.
The 28-year-old received another hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd.
Chisnall recorded a 7-3 victory over world champion Gary Anderson before returning later in the evening to thrash James Wade 7-1.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a press conference.
The Canadian star is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend.
Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding.
Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF, but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of the wedding competition.
Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.
She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain Alastair Cook.
England’s failure to win the first Test leaves Cook in the spotlight.
Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and insists he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket after she was allegedly attacked at a movie theater.
Santamaria Williams said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly.
Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in La Liga on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone's side are aiming for a place in the semi-finals.
Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid.
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent.
Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer, largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14.
She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency.
Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight between the two best boxers on the planet.
Mayweather will bank upwards of $180m, Pacquiao $120m.
The world is waiting their collision with bated breath.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Rangers.
But he maintains Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding.
McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar.
He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations.
His mother Taniya, 36, said: 'He is definitely a fighter - he has already been through so much'
Ander Herrera has impressed Barcelona's scouts throughout his career.
The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old.
Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira.
Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson.
Twitter account purporting to be 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning.
It appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee.
The tweet has since been removed from the @2UENews Twitter account.
There is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger.
2UE said the new combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.
This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area.
Many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona, worked.
Ms King, who also appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone, had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor.
She said she decided to pen a novel during an argument with her son.
At one point, he shouted: 'I'm not proud that my mother had sex with her sister'
Stains had his coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers.
According to the dog’s owner, Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat, which is best suited for colder climates, had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night.
Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers before halftime to eclipse his previous NBA best of 272 made in a single season.
Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues were about to renew contract.
But offer was taken away after Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon.
May revealed he had ordered a £200,000 Ferrari 458 Speciale in bright orange.
He said the offer was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'
But Clarkson was sensationally sacked by the BBC last month.
Richard Hammond has confirmed he will not return to Top Gear this week.
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence.
It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time.
This has made the element extremely difficult to study.
Scientists have now been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park.
Spurs went into the game at Staines Town sitting sixth in the league.
Win would have taken them joint top with the Red Devils, while the defending champions were only three points behind the north London outfit.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel.
Moments later, while Nielson and Soto were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
By Monday, it remained unclear why Valles veered off I-30 before crashing into a pillar, nearly ending his life Sunday.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games since replacing Wojciech Szczesny.
The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent.
Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second.
Gerard Pique, Arjen Robben and Asier del Horno make the top 10.
Tottenham are interested in signing Julian Weigl from 1860 Munich.
The 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million.
Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be keen on signing Weigl.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time.
Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Deputy Marquette Oliver bent down and caught the baby as he was born.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August.
The 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night.
Mauresmo won Wimbledon and the Australian Open titles in 2006.
When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced.
A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace.
It was then displayed at the gates to retain 'the theatre' of a genuine royal occasion.
Royal sources say the only difference between the birth of Prince George and his brother or sister will be that there will be less ceremony around the delivery of the piece of paper.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season.
Having good players in your first team is obviously vitally important.
But the players out of the team, on the periphery, can lose you matches.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka.
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six.
Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Lionel Messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014.
Messi says he has tried to quickly forget to try and get back to his best.
Argentine has scored 34 goals in La Liga and eight in the Champions League.
Barcelona face PSG in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
Tomas Francis impressed against Alex Corbisiero at Sandy Park.
The 22-year-old qualifies for both England and Wales.
Stuart Lancaster could make a late move for the youngster.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in January.
The 23-year-old joined the club on transfer deadline day.
Armstrong is hoping to secure his first Scottish Premiership league winners' medal.
Emmanuel Adebayor has made just 16 appearances for Tottenham this season.
The 31-year-old striker has been linked with a move away from the club.
Togo international insists he will fight for his place at White Hart Lane.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls reveals five terrorist attacks have been foiled.
Comes after 24-year-old Sid Ahmed Ghlam was arrested on Sunday.
He was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with Kalashnikovs.
Mr Valls said: 'Numerous attacks had already been thwarted - five if you take into account the attack which happily did not take place at Villejuif'
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the service.
They ask people to send their messages in, at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole.
Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain.
It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland since her son, 21, was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday.
Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list.
Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing.
The RFU said Mariano Galarza should have been ineligible for the match.
Galarza was selected among Gloucester's replacements for a game that they lost 23-6 at the A J Bell Stadium.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters.
He warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at Counter-Terror Expo.
Mr Rowley warned of 'chaotic' attacks using knives, vehicles and knives.
The real aim is to kill and get footage of that to propagate message.
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
The outspoken father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami.
Liverpool fans are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged £50 for their sets.
Last season, the same seats were sold for £35.
Liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs.
Leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson.
The link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death.
One account - also linked to recent union protests in New York City - tweeted photos of Gray's funeral and used language anticipating Monday's violent clashes.
Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on Tuesday.
Costa will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch.
Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart.
Jermain Defoe gave Sunderland a 1-0 lead with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute.
Defoe's strike was his third goal for the Black Cats this season.
The 32-year-old was unable to do anything about his strike as he watched it fly into the net.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years.
She takes in dogs from as far afield as Romania and Hungary and spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs.
The grandmother-of-four also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof.
Real Madrid players took part in a session at the Valdebebas complex on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa, second-half substitutes during the first leg against Atletico, were present alongside regular first team players Pepe and Sami Khedira.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club.
Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.
Neilson has already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
Madonna posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages.
Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which Madonna captioned with: 'Thank you Margaret Thatcher' followed by '#unapologetic #rebelheart' and a love heart.
The singer, who has a large gay fanbase, offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988.
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.
New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal on Saturday night.
The American controlled the Japanese fighter for nearly the entire five-round bout before tapping out his opponent with a second left.
Johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado in the co-main event.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set to Andy Murray in the Miami Open final.
Djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled.
The world No 1 apologised via Facebook to the boy's parents.
Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire, is a specialist science college.
The girl was left needing urgent medical treatment after drinking water.
Two pupils have been suspended from the school following the incident.
Headteacher Julie Turvey said the incident was a classroom prank.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute.
He first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said.
Moschetto faces a maximum sentence of 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it.
The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls.
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’
It is designed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have.
Annabel Cole, 34B, has long dreamed of having a bigger bust.
She decided to put it through its paces in three variations — a C cup, D cup and whopping DD.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 on day two to make the cut at Augusta.
The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second saw him card a 68 and ensure he will still be in the running at the weekend.
Russian researchers have dated the unusual object to 300 million years old.
They believe it is the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
The'screw' measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a UFO team.
But experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer –  that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
It is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ‘sea lily’ – a type of Crinoid that grew a stalk when it became an adult,
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment'
Girl's birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were never registered.
Couple also questioned over claims Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed visa.
Police said girl, Blanca Cousins, had been unhappy and locked herself in bathroom.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram.
She has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood.
The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby.
The Sale Sharks play their last four Aviva Premiership games in Dubai.
Steve Diamond's side will face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter.
Rosa Camfield was born in June of 1913 and died Monday.
The picture of her cradling her new-born great-granddaughter captured the hearts of millions.
Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s.
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland.
The 22-year-old warehouse worker said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community.
Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball.
Online responders were quick to condemn the 'disturbing' behaviour.
Second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said.
He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
It ended with Labour Prime Minister James Callaghan losing a vote of no confidence.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race after Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia.
Many people expected another dominant Mercedes campaign in the wake of last season's crushing success in Australia.
Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense.
Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP.
But he stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration.
David Duane Watson, 46, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter.
Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts.
Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th.
Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Ron and June Phillips were on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship when they were viciously attacked.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking the frail, elderly couple.
He denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The striker has been out with an ankle injury since February 21.
Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect Van Persie to be fit.
Van Persie tweeted: 'Back to training with the group today. Looking forward to my next game!'
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
The bemused grandad, a massive Facebook and Twitter fan, grinned: 'It's their loss!'
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace.
For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats – and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and Tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
The Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws.
He argues it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
Mr Morris says he was in a meeting with top judges when the Volvo was snapped, and they are willing to testify that he was with them.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South in the 33rd minute.
Gavin Reilly doubled the Ibrox side's lead at the start of the second half.
Lewis Kidd doubled Rangers' lead in the 46th minute with an own goal.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre.
It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats.
But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council.
Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail.
The surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
Drage said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'
The 23-year-old surfer said he cannot wait to get back in the water.
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again.
He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club.
Sterling has attracted interest from Arsenal, Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is the face of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign.
The brand has also brought in German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopian-born Liya Kebede, 37.
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts.
Zulkifli bin Hir was a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group.
He was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines.
Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina.
He met Brad Dalke, 17, and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle.
Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page.
The teenager will join Oklahoma University in the autumn.
David Turner's new book, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history.
It was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days.
Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellions in 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty.
The Queensland teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken puberty blocking hormones.
Ivan Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW.
He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
The Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey.
In the letters, he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things'
Shipsey, a former Rebels bikie gang member who has been banned from visiting Mil
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho.
The sunken yacht, which became known as 'Pride of Hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the United States when it sunk just off Kauai in April 1824.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby.
Alex Pritchard put his side ahead with a stunning strike in the 21st minute.
Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes of the game.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel.
Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy vessels.
Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle.
Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell.
It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
As short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum.
This hum is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale.
In the late 1990
Sam Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday.
He was filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.
Mr Smith can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price.
Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
'There was a mistake in the wording,' Ms Bines said in an email to her thousands of followers.
Lisa Heath, 45, was a teaching assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School.
She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted.
But she later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
The maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is 5 years in prison plus a fine.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot.
Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager's homes.
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious manager.
Mourinho says Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
The Chelsea boss has had many spats with Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
Mr Farage said Mr Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist.
Speaking during a visit to Hartlepool, Mr Farage said: 'The biggest racism I have seen in British politics is happening north of the border'
Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held.
Over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake, but authorities and biologists have argued about the cause.
Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish, a small silvery species called twaite shad, off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides.
Rio's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature.
Thousands of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-African countries.
They are dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University.
The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there.
Brokers manage to ship containers of illegal
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
She eats lean and green meals every day, with only the occasional 'cheat day'
She also goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene.
The monkey approaches the woman with its outstretched hands.
Grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin.
Removing her hand from the shot, the lady can be heard laughing.
The monkey returns to its original position and continues tucking into the banana.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam.
Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses.
The attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram are being encouraged to draw pictures of the attacks.
The 45-year-old man had suffered arteriovenous malformation for 20 years.
This caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech.
He had been examined in several other hospitals, including the Mayo Clinic and Harvard Medical School, which had considered him to be inoperable.
The operation took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete.
But the Vall d'Hebron hospital ruled surgery was his only treatment option.
Chris Brynarsky was killed in his custom car detail shop in October 2006.
When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it.
His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day.
Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter's house when he sustained a skull fracture.
The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
Ryan Mason made his senior England debut against Italy on Tuesday night.
The 23-year-old was celebrating Tottenham Hotspur team-mate Andros Townsend's equalising goal for England against Italy.
Twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old.
Cryos International is moving its offices to the Central Florida Research Park.
It is located yards from the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year, 23,000 of whom are male.
Donors are allowed to remain anonymous, and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $750 per month.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland.
The blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31.
Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport.
Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station this afternoon.
An earlier incident in which a person was struck by a train scuppered the entire day's services.
South West Trains was forced to cancel trains on all of its services.
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila with his wife.
He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces.
The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police after allegedly groping a 16-year-old.
He was released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez.
The incident took place at about 5.30pm on Sunday.
Perez was arrested at the scene and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17, as well as second degree harassment.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa.
When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently.
But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
Kieron Power's wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van.
A week after she received the ticket given out by a council CCTV ‘spy car’
He went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in Kingston upon Thames, South-West London.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont.
The 64-year-old severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
Former FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.
Jimmy Abdou scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute.
Wigan Athletic were reduced to 10 men when Martyn Waghorn was sent off.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other.
Los Angeles sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse.
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people.
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less'
Indiana pizzeria Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, plans to reopen soon after being bombarded with calls following the attention.
Prime Minister reveals eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old.
Nancy has threatened to write a memoir of her time in Number 10.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, according to a wildlife survey.
And of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres.
But he was secretly filmed taking to the pitch for his pub football team.
The grandfather-of-four was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying at half-time in an FA Cup match.
The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March.
Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Billy Getzendaner, 34, face charges of tampering with a witness.
They were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday.
The board may vote to suspend the entire department at a meeting on Monday.
In the recording, men can be heard 'yelling and laughing with excitement' while the victim is held down and bent over a couch.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes.
Lionel Messi nets once every 81 minutes.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie.
She and her husband Joe both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick.
The idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come.
Beatrice, 26, opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia.
She was greeted by flag-waving crowd outside the school in Litchfield, Staffordshire.
It is the second official visit in less than four days for the Princess.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National.
Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, took home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase and following up from his second place at the World Hurdle.
Almost 100 dogs were rescued from a barn in Manchester, Tennessee, surrounded by their own waste on Saturday.
The animals had been living in complete darkness for an unknown period and had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine.
A wheelbarrow was filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots.
Clare Balding has married her partner of 14 years, Alice Arnold.
The 44-year-old said they returned to the register office where civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006.
This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London.
Nick Robinson announced at the start of March that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour.
Last night he returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse the Labour's party's manifesto from the studio.
His voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for the bronchial carcinoid tumour which involved surgery to stop cancer spreading to other parts of the body.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family for all of the trouble I have caused them'
He is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month.
The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi bar when three buildings were destroyed.
Her Upper East Side family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished.
A GoFundMe page in memory of Nicholas met it's $30
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'Football Fighting Ebola' event.
The event was a fundraising reception for the charity, founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
Pictures from the event were shared on the charity's Facebook page.
Government unveils final calculation for war reparations stemming from occupation.
Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion.
German government says issue was resolved legally years ago.
Demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of debt.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began.
The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma in December.
The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of the teen after she refused treatment.
She and her mother argued she did not want chemo despite the risk of dying without them.
But after she was declared in remission in March, her lawyer and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home.
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes.
The 53-year-old media personality has compiled over 40 recipes over the years.
Hutton is an ambassador for the Skin and Cancer Foundation.
Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C.
It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Earlier David Cameron said the day was a time to 'celebrate all that was great with England'
Marine Le Pen, 46, took over from her father in 2011.
She says her party's brand of political change is getting attention.
The National Front leader spoke of representing a 'great political force'
The recognition comes at an eventful time for Le Pen.
A video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag Nomad shows tourists how it's done.
Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
They're said to be able to 'run the pants off a Kangaroo'
It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has signed off his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12.
Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings.
Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories.
The revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leader’s personal character.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler.
He then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop up Cameron in power.
He insisted on pushing ahead with plan to slash £12billion from benefits bill.
Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday's home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of St James’ Park before kick-off.
There they called for billionaire Ashley to quit the club and unfurled a banner, ‘NUFC – Balance Sheet Champions – 2008-2014’
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75 when he died Sunday.
Ouimette, suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s.
He even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis.
His nephew, Kevin, tells the Providence Journal that his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in Butner, North Carolina.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham.
He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders.
Gary Field was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage.
Far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for Mr Farage’s arrival.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials.
She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the EU.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a 'brilliant operator'
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line.
Federici was inconsolable after the match and manager Steve Clarke said he was'very, very disappointed'
The Reading stopper left the field in tears as Clarke tried to console him.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters.
The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record at Augusta.
Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
McIlroy and Spieth have a combined age of 46, where Tiger Woods is 44.
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion.
Stuart McCall ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at Dumbarton on Saturday.
Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches.
The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm, meaning 'determination', on Wednesday, revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces.
Despite the Taliban claims that they had 'killed and wounded hundreds of Americans', no casualties have been reported.
IEDs were also reportedly detonated in Kunar and Khost province.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill.
Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception.
They believe the changes could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the pill.
Sven Bender says Borussia Dortmund need to score more goals.
Jurgen Klopp's side have failed to score in four of their last five league games.
Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York – the epicenter of hipster culture.
1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and Morgan STanley 1-percenters – when they're not browsing Urban Outfitters or eating at Shake Shack.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street.
He was called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death.
The supposed client asked him to come back another day.
Arwani's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man.
Scotland Yard is investigating whether the man was a hired killer.
Neanderthals may have used herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour their food.
They may have cooked stews in the skins of animals, according to some anthropologists.
Animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by Neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks.
This suggests fat and meat had instead been cooked off the bones.
A study of tooth plaque from the teeth of Neanderthal remains suggests they ate grains like barley.
Sewol sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students.
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would 'consider it'
The demonstration is the latest in a series of protests with hundreds of bereaved parents marching 22 miles to Seoul from their home town of Ansan.
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the HGV for several miles.
The driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph.
He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost, smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.
Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video to his 5 million Instagram followers.
The 15-second video shows Mayweather flaunting his extravagant lifestyle.
It also features rows of luxurious Rolex watches adorned with jewels.
Boxer is expected to earn around £120million for his bout with Manny Pacquiao.
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards Dallas/Fort Worth for several hours.
More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down.
Nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch Sunday night through 11pm, with the storm system expected to die out by Monday.
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at the Mrs Merton Show.
The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
But he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court.
Travis was awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop the striker.
Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson set for midfield battle at Wembley.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years.
She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent.
Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana soon after giving birth.
After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant, even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her.
Manchester United to introduce living wage at Old Trafford in July.
In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the 2016-17 season.
City also committed to paying their full-time staff the living wage.
Children posted the picture of eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media.
She was arrested for driving with an invalid licence while her licence was suspended.
Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis suspended three pupils.
They later overturned the suspensions following a backlash.
Jake Shaw was just beginning his gap year volunteering as a climbing instructor.
The 21-year-old had fallen 25ft (8m) from the upper floor of the building.
He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of Fire'
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership’s player of the month for March.
The 22-year-old scored two tries in March as Wasps maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Daly looks set to be included in Stuart Lancaster's England's World Cup training squad.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.
Policy brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release despite a history of prison escapes.
Wheatley absconding from Standford Hill prison in Kent and went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at the Chelsea Building Society in Sunbury-on-Thames, Surrey.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told that a two-year-old child had died.
The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
Police are now investigating.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours.
Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10.
It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way.
It was discovered using a technique known as microlensing which happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.
Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not.
Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
The ECB have released very few details of the new director of cricket role.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the job.
The work parameters will not appear on the ECB website or that of headhunters Sports Recruitment International.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth.
They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere.
The beam could even trigger different forms of lightning, including red sprites and blue jets.
For now the idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it.
But the team says that by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
The 41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze.
Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it.
Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.
She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country'
'We need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' he added.
Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states.
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens.
He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River.
The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip.
Poll undermines Nigel Farage's claim that support for Ukip has 'rallied'
Tories on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent with less than a month to go.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon.
It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking 'everybody ready?'
The teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed in 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole.
When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from the victim's dead body and took photographs of her, according to the lawsuit.
The young woman had been wearing a white t-shirt, jeans and high-heeled shoes but was photographed wearing just her lower undergarment.
Mohammed Morsi was sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.
But a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to.
20 years in jail.
M&S general merchandise sales up 0.7% after 14 consecutive quarters of losses.
Mrs Earl is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt.
Sales boosted by celebrity underwear ranges, like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night.
Schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as her.
She is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
The father of Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes, guitars and artwork.
The 50-year-old was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home on March 23, 2014.
A medical examiner later determined that the musician died of accidental drug overdose.
Brockie was the mastermind of the fantasy-inspired band and its founding member.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw.
Both players were unhappy with referee Milorad Mazic's performance.
Suarez has blasted the performance of the Serbian referee.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars.
She had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair.
Taylor had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of the 20 year relationship with the father of her two daughters, aged 12 and four, and a 15-year-old son.
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways.
The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs.
Some of the prints are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period.
At first glance, it appears that large dinosaurs such as the Titanosaurs and armoured Ankylosauruses
Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need.
But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
They have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it.
At issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City on Sunday.
It is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign.
The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, was awarded a Victoria Cross medal for his 48-hour effort.
He lobed live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine in Anzac Cove on the shores of Turkey.
The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods in Dallas this week.
It took officials and a tow truck several hours to remove the car from the water.
Hardy was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
He will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to a report in Italy.
Juventus have a plan in place to sign the in-demand Uruguayan.
Cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position under Laurent Blanc.
New book claims Juan Carlos II had decade-long affair with German socialite.
King Felipe and Queen Letizia were at the University of Alcala de Henares.
They were joined by a group of students to present the Cervantes Prize for Literature.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez.
Sterling would cost in region of £50million but the forward could buy out the final year of his contract.
Rodriguez is valued at £50m but City are monitoring his return from injury.
Frank Lampard was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this season.
Protein World poster asks: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The spoof advert was posted on the London Underground recently.
Body image campaigners and bloggers have called for the offending images to be removed.
Transport for London are now removing the ad, and have created a copycat version.
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot to colour her lips.
Kate Moss submerges her face in cucumber water.
Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser.
Manchester City star Vincent Kompany helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the mural.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium.
Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
Argentine stars Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal at San Carlo Italian Restaurant on Sunday night.
United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday.
Manchester United's Victor Valdes was also present as another Spanish-speaker, and is pictured greeting fellow No 2 goalkeeper Willy Cabellero.
Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville, waving a Stars and Stripes of his own.
He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions.
One veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday.
Samples of the bizaree creature were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Philippe Coutinho broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes.
Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Sportsmail's Oliver Todd rated the player's performances at Ewood Park.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading.
Polish international has lost his place to David Ospina.
Arsene Wenger admits he is not backing the No 1 goalkeeper.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it lags.
Ukip's election campaign chief defended its 'blokeish' image under Nigel Farage.
Polls suggest 15% of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to 10% of women.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, surrendered to police on Tuesday morning and was charged with three counts of sexual assault.
The charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys at Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia.
Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house at Muskingum University last Wednesday.
It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born.
The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction.
The Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
One of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful British Antarctic Expedition.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime.
Stephen Curry scored 40 points including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation.
Curry hit seven 3s in all to complete a 20-point fourth-quarter comeback.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee 113-106 in double overtime to take 3-0 series lead.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living.
With no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear.
He hopes living in the hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night.
Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury.
The Hawks matched a franchise record with their 57th win of the season.
The death of a toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police.
The 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe.
He was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after.
Police strongly believe that there are members of the Neilrex community, which is 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran, that can help them with their investigation.
Colin Cromie, 49, told practice nurse Xara Grogan, 29, they were stuck with wrong partner.
But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard.
He would snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
Richard III was depicted by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad'
But a 3D reconstruction of the king’s spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of ‘scoliosis’
This means he was very far from being a hunchback, experts claim.
Tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park in Oregon.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka scored the only goal of the game.
Cyle Larin and Darlington Nagbe also scored for the hosts.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.
She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.
This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York.
She lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery.
The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss.
They plan to spend their winning on a new house.
The enormous lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.
It was so heavy it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break.
Utility companies, including Thames Water, have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer.
Marcus Bettinelli made his Fulham debut last August.
The 22-year-old has one more year left on his contract.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched him play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour.
Clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday - including Australian states such as NSW.
Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around Australia say.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley back in February.
The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster.
Paisley sat down with Sturridge to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’
She was called ugly, vile, ‘someone who deserves to die’ and one wit even ‘hoped I would catch malaria’
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from an ankle injury.
Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out.
Pep Guardiola warned that the whole team has to work together to compensate for missing players.
Temperatures are set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher.
That would be the hottest this year so far - with Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F) and Athens at 18C (65F)
The weekend is set to be slightly cooler, with a cool front arriving from the West.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
Ken Doherty is just two frames away from crashing out of World Championships qualifying.
The 45-year-old won the title in 1997.
Graeme Dott must come from behind to book his place in the main draw.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal.
Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power.
But the infant ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother.
Photographer Duncan Fraser captured the encounter at Sunset Dam on his way back to camp at dusk.
Walton Canonry in one of Britain's most exclusive postcodes is on the market for £6.95million.
The Grade I listed property boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting.
It has six bedrooms, two kitchens, a drawing room, dining room, study, office, library, media room and wine cellar.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference, was told he couldn't fly on United Airlines Saturday.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday after landing in Syracuse, New York, and was questioned for four hours.
He suggested on Twitter that he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
All of his computer equipment, including an iPad, a MacBook Pro, several hard drives and several USB memory sticks were confiscated.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile.
Eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Yannick Bolasie.
Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.
He is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
Hormone therapy is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer.
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods.
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat.
This is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
David Hyche developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.
A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her five-year-old son Garnett-Paul Spears.
She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced.
The boy's father, Chris Hill, lashed out at his ex and the boy's mother on Facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison.
Tiger Woods has confirmed he will play at the Masters this week.
The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Lynn, from Chippenham, has scoliosis and hip dysplasia.
The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly.
She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) which causes pain when she moves.
Lynn and husband Liam tried for a baby for three years so she didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for the sake of her baby.
But after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton.
Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had Clostridium perfringens.
Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National at Aintree.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the £1million race.
Nicholls said it was unfair to tie the horse down to a gelding.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final round.
McIlroy finished on 12 under par, six shots behind the eventual winner.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, charged with murder after Walter Scott, 50, was shot dead last Saturday in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened between Officer Slager and the beginning of the bystander video which shows Scott being shot dead.
Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is, but a police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government.
He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'
Nicola Sturgeon launches her SNP manifesto today, boasting she can 'lead the UK'
Polls suggest up to half of Scots are planning to vote SNP.
Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district during the height of Nirvana-mania.
It's owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb and described it as 'the perfect combination of comfort, style, location and...rock n' roll history'
The couple lived in the home in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born.
Tory supporters are more likely to take on light reading such as Fifty Shades of Grey.
Lib Dems are the most likely to eat airline food rather than bring their own meal.
Labour are the least inclined to take their children on holiday after UKIP.
Chelsea captain John Terry names his PFA Team of the Year.
Philippe Coutinho, Raheem Sterling and Juan Mata also named.
Harry Kane named Young Player despite scoring 19 league goals for Spurs.
Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly named Chelsea's Eden Hazard as best player.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps.
They found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations.
However, males tended to capture larger prey and used their hands.
The findings may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.
On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
His left hand is still in a cast from the attack.
South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National.
The Northern Irishman has hit the par five fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition.
McIlroy has won 11 of his 14 majors ranked No 1 in the world.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle.
The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly.
Aussie – who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children.
Their grandmother Deanna Addicoat said the kids were traumatised after seeing their dog die.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos.
Survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents, from personal to official ones.
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree.
'WANTED!!!!! girlfriend/wife, must love pets... Accomodation available, position MAY offer company car, phone and laptop, to the'successful candidate'
The 31-year-old's advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be'
It will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to play a controversial FA Cup final.
The match was played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres, Belgium.
Crowds who had gathered in Sheffield to greet their heroes were dispersed by police.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final.
The Mexican striker was praised for not immediately running to Cristiano Ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal.
Hernandez has started only seven of the fifty games Real Madrid have played this season.
Geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995 when a pipe burst during the winter.
He and his younger sister Jennifer, also 37, returned just twice to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt.
But when their mother died of breast cancer in 2013, the house was handed to them.
They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
Tracy Morgan was spotted out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven on Monday.
It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others.
Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the Arsenal midfield since returning from loan at Charlton earlier in the season.
The 23-year-old wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris.
Since the incident there have been allegations Bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them he could do whatever he wanted.
In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded after an internal investigation that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
The Rich Kids of Instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world's most beautiful locations.
The 18 to 26-year-olds blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities.
Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach.
Two wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in Dakar.
After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
Wrestling's popularity in the north-western African country make it a lucrative business.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Inter Milan.
Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport have scored Theo Walcott five out of 10 for his performance against England.
England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten for their performances.
Rodrigo Alves, 31, is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.
The London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney.
The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons.
No arrests have been made.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, southern Ukraine.
It sees a young girl dressed in a bloodstained nightgown scare unsuspecting walkers.
She waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming.
In other scenes she can be seen singing a hauntingly horrifying melody.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored the goals for the Baggies.
Alan Pardew left Crystal Palace two days before the Premier League season kicked off.
Carlo Ancelotti faces dilemma of trying to fit seven players into his starting line-up.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available for the first time since November.
Corriere dello Sport reports there is a divide between Italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff.
Manchester town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the UK.
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit.
Manchester drivers have demanded refunds and want to know why council is yet to upgrade its machines.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini insists his side must splash the cash in the summer.
The Chilean believes his side are capable of retaining the title.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals in less than three years in France.
The 33-year-old has never played in the Premier League.
Nik Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29.
The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules.
No distance for the performance has been set yet, but Wallenda, 36, said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go a full circle.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes she was selling.
Bower, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook, including dozens of fake designer handbags.
She has been accused of theft, according to documents filed in Johnson County District Court.
Esteban Cambiasso scored in Leicester's 2-1 win over West Ham.
The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan star was named man of the match.
Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach.
The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
He said: 'I have had some time to reflect after the World Cup and have come to the conclusion that the time is right to move on'
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Craig Gardner scored a spectacular long range strike in the second half.
The Baggies now sit eight points clear of the bottom three.
Scott Dann insists the squad will dust themselves down and look to go again at home to relegation-threatened Hull next weekend.
Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent.
He's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions.
Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
Ella Beasley had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly.
The aspiring model from New Milton, Hampshire, loved the song so much.
But she lived to regret her decision after the band's lead singer was exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser.
Ian Watkins was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 after being convicted of a string of child sex offences.
Thames Valley Police called an Army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of a barge in Reading.
Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face.
Police officers spotted the Delorean being carried on the back of a tranpsporter.
The car is hired out for promotional events, weddings and birthdays.
Officers joked that the car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie.
Scientists have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica.
Gates are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Becky Watts went missing from her Bristol home in February.
Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill.
Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister.
His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice.
Angela Morales has anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
Sonia and her husband Rony, who live in Providence, Rhode Island, decided to 'keep her no matter what'
Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
The 34-year-old is joint third-highest goalscorer in the Premier League.
Terry's goal return is better than Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic.
Danny Welbeck has scored only one more goal than Terry.
A mysterious young soldier has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat.
He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney, before he embarked for service.
The studio portrait of the Handsome Man was featured in a 2008 Australian War Memorial (AWM) exhibition titled Icon and Archive, with the AWM appealing to the public to help identify him.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri, last week.
Her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor.
The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said the state-of-the-art hospital proved her party's commitment to the NHS.
Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood – despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border.
Chelsea defender Wallace has been released without charge.
The 20-year-old was questioned by police on'suspicion of a sexual offence'
Wallace was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to Excelsior.
Lewis Hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than at any stage in his F1 career.
Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix, been on pole at the last four.
The Brit already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago.
His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres.
An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Saskia posted snaps of the test to her Twitter account, @saskiaisabxlla.
She scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, according to her boyfriend's feedback.
He said: 'Well done Saskia! As a result, I will not be dumping you! (Lucky you)'
She struggled to name all 11 players of the starting squad and got confused on the player positions.
The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer.
He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases.
Simon then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs.
Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish.
The pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy.
Bell then threatened to post footage of their sex trysts online unless he paid her £55.
She then increased the demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed the tryst and the footage was ready to publish.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs.
This means our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs.
The findings bolster the theory modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
The young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully.
It is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
Blackpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Reading at Bloomfield Road.
Blackpool fans gathered outside the directors' box to protest against Karl Oyston.
Lee Clark admitted the Seasiders face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media.
Customers appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home.
The holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the 'e-trip' of a lifetime.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice.
Woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament.
The 19-year-old from Blairgowrie considers driving the ball his strongest suit.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle urged aviation industry to develop system.
Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
He deliberately crashed plane into French mountainside killing all 150 on board.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor has been called off.
Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free.
The bizarre search began on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious'
Sylvia, star of My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances.
Says that she tried everything to stop her cravings but nothing worked.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in Fairfield, California on Monday morning while he slept in the car.
His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated.
Paul claims Suzanne refused to let the officers into their home, something Paul claims she was doing for their own safety.
They have now hired an attorney, but former FBI agent Rick Smith seems to think they may not have a case against police.
Part-time actor was flying from Newcastle to Gatwick when he was pulled aside.
Staff thought his pease pudding was Semtex, a plastic explosive.
The 58-year-old, who previously appeared in Blackadder, was surprised at mix-up.
Traveller was told consistency of pudding could see it 'technically' classed as Semtex.
He offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it wasn't.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years.
But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
Gayla met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the NHS’s accounts over the next five years.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs put up around New York City.
While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson, who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together.
The teens' courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David.
Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh.
The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it.
Footage shows Mr Thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears, wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi in 2006.
Lee, 28, was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq and was awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery.
Dempsey had spoken dismissively of the city last week when asked how damaging to U.S. and Iraq's military efforts it would be were the city to fall into the hands of ISIS.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man.
He is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir.
But he and thousands like him are daring to hope they will finally be able to shed refugee status.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu nationalist party won a share of power in India's only Muslim-majority state.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car.
The Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and a deep wound.
Fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had 27 other dogs confiscated.
Judge said if Tango had been taken to the vet earlier 'unnecessary suffering' could have been avoided.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses.
These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine.
Worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa.
But when he returned he was told she could not go home with him.
Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby.
Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal of the game.
Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father.
Keith Whitworth, now 61, has been jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse.
Mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15 and four years later she had a son.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal on Saturday.
The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than 40 years ago, research shows.
Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
The huge increase is blamed on the cheap package holiday boom dating from the 1960s.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Arsenal Under 21s.
Wilshere has been out since November after breaking his foot against Manchester United.
Diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind, unable to talk and brain damaged.
She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube.
Police arrested Colin Heath, now 43, last September and he was today jailed for three years and two months.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Kevin Sinfield has been warned he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join the Rhinos' sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Castleford head coach Daryl Powell has a word of warning for Sinfield.
George W. Bush, 68, spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors.
Said that President Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible.
Also implied that Iran's government and President Hassan Rouhani are caving in.
And said that US could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon.
Juan Cuadrado has failed to impress at Chelsea this season.
Wilfried Bony has scored just one Premier League goal for Manchester City.
Mauro Zarate failed to make an impression at QPR during his loan spell.
Callum McManaman's move to the Hawthorns has coincided with West Brom's relegation.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts.
KP has a Twitter following of nearly 2.5million.
Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals.
It was created following a request from an unnamed buyer in Doha, Qatar.
Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago.
He is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers.
They told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
The officer, Scott Beaty, was taken to the intensive care unit with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event.
MGM has an army of 9,000 employees, almost two to every three hotel guests.
The fight will take place at the MGM Grand's 16,000-capacity Garden Arena.
Kei Nishikori was crowned Barcelona Open champion for the second consecutive year.
Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6- 4 in the final on Sunday.
It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese.
ICRC has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen.
Saudi-led coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Houthis.
The coalition now controls country's ports and air space.
UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds.
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night, bringing mostly light but necessary rainfall.
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.
The storm brought enough snow to the Sierra near Lake Tahoe to produce near white-out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents that caused the California Highway Patrol to order motorists off a 15 mile-stretch of a major highway.
In the Sierra, up to 6 inches of snow was expected above 7
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted.
Arsenal and Manchester United are also interested in the Southampton midfielder.
Liverpool are interested in signing a striker who has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Manchester City and Chelsea are both short of homegrown players.
Tyrannosaurus rex is also thought to have indulged in cannibalism.
Paleontologists found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus.
Some of the injuries appeared to have been sustained during combat.
Others appear to have occurred after death, suggesting the animal lived for some time after it was inflicted.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance for Leicester City at the weekend.
Vardy's hold-up play won the free-kick for the first Leicester goal.
His strength and persistence hounded Joleon Lescott into giving him the ball.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling anorexia.
She began strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off black tea and coffee.
Determined to lose weight, she would often go for three days without eating.
But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic.
After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
Frank Lampard returned to Chelsea after 13 trophy-laden years at the club.
The 36-year-old was pictured walking down King's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley.
Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July.
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend.
That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw the son of God in an x-ray of one of her left-side molars.
Ackerman, from Flagstaff, Arizona, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist.
The dentist was less excited and'started looking at my teeth'
Paula Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14.
Creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
Eden Hazard has been named 'one of the three best players in the world'
The Chelsea winger scored the winner against Manchester United.
Hazard is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year.
Giudice, 42, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.
He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence.
That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
James Whitaker's brief reign as ECB head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.
Whitaker's position has looked untenable since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is subject of renewed bids from South Australia.
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28.
Items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner, and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity.
Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Gucci, Mulberry, Ferragamo and Manolo Blahnik will all go under the hammer.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row.
The new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.
Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play.
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide at party.
He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon.
Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, has not worked since the age of 19.
Has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since then.
Wants £10,000 to fund dream 'traditional English wedding and party'
Also wants taxpayer to stump up £2,000 for honeymoon in Mexico.
Says tying the knot would boost her fragile confidence and encourage her to find job.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards.
West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes.
Mulumbu posted an image of his voting slip to Twitter on Wednesday.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year.
Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa.
Experts warn swimmers not to wear any jewellery or items that reflect the light.
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.
Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan.
Don McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
McLean, 69, a longtime Maine resident, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.
The rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight.
Should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise their junk food to children?
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day.
He says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home alone.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of City of Brookhaven, Georgia, made 'racist' remark at Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago.
She reportedly told hired photographer Nelson Jones: 'This is not the image I want for the city'
Taylor, who had been in high-profile position for less than a month, has been fired by officials for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee'
High school sweethearts Doug Wilson, 93, and Lillian Kerr Wilson, 89, passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week.
Their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Just five minutes later the phone rang again, calling with the same sad news.
Friends and family will gather on Saturday for a 'Celebration of life' service in honor of the devoted couple.
Arsenal face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table.
The Gunners have won 11 of their last 12 games.
Petr Cech would be an ideal candidate to replace Wojciech Szczesny.
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport.
Right-hand side landing gear collapsed forcing the pilot to abort.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled in the sky.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday night.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy'
The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting.
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips.
However, nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated.
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
Norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands.
The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife's mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
But when the couple failed to turn up at the island’s airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled.
Statement 90s chop made famous by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber.
It has graced the heads of celebrities from Rihanna to Robert Pattinson.
One chain of British barber shops has reported 200 per cent surge in requests.
Men queuing around corner for their turn to get the snip.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler during Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby.
Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go.
He was also quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts' attacking left.
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 — the equivalent of around £3 million today.
The petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre, declaring that the money would indeed change her life.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy.
The 31-year-old was cleared of murdering British student Meredith Kercher in 2007.
He was seen looking at a £105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city.
Sollecite and his former lover, American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years.
Both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.
Diane took charge of her daughter Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day.
Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel.
The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties.
They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.
Users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's hits.
Spotify and its rivals are working hard to understand tastes of their listeners.
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 in Dublin last week.
The pair posed with Manchester United stars Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
Van Gerwen is the defending champion of Premier League Darts.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively.
The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.
This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers.
The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter including the charger and cable.
It's expected to ship in November.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD?
Lace may be back in fashion, but to me it’s unfailingly ageing.
We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Nolito.
Barcelona forward has been training following a foot injury.
The 28-year-old has urged Messi to stay away from the Spanish coast.
Green Party manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'
Advice also encourages them to compliment people's homes.
It comes amid growing scrutiny of the party's manifesto commitments.
Party's surge in support hit by disastrous media appearances from Natalie Bennett.
On a visit to the Scottish town of Dornoch, tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse.
The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Scots crime writer Ian Rankin.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt.
The 26-year-old Austrian slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured, biodegradable powder.
Six GoPros, and a range of other cameras, including a hand held one by the skier captured the dazzling rainbow effect.
President Obama said the thought of his eldest daughter heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
If Malia attends Columbia for an undergraduate degree, she will be following in her father's footsteps.
TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire.
From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts.
For European or international flights, try PrivateFly's Empty Legs option.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season.
Messi scored twice, including one from the penalty spot, Suarez claimed two and Neymar also netted in the 6-0 rout of Getafe at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
The Argentine wizard now has 49 goals for the season, Brazilian hero Neymar has 32 and summer signing Suarez has 21.
Aljaz Bedene crashed out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
British No 2 was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance.
Bedene's conqueror Jiri Vesely will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side.
His identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave girls.
Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him.
The incident happened near Burdan's Gate in Eastbourne, Wellington Harbour, at 10.30pm on Monday night.
Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to undress the fastest
The tortoise was captured by John Mullineux, a chemical engineer from Secunda, South Africa.
He said: 'From a young age I have loved cheetahs for their elegance and speed - seeing two so close was dream'
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London nearly died in a car accident in 2010.
She gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the Air Ambulance Service.
The pair dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent.
They rated buskers in Trafalgar Square and rode the Tube as Baywatch lifeguards.
Charlotte, co-founder of fitness company Rabble, owes the charity her life.
Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
The hydraulic crane also recovered so-called 'legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy.
Kristi read from one of the messages: 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic)'
The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
The city of Boston received 108.6 inches of snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter, beating the previous seasonal record of 107.9 inches that was set in 1995-96.
The 65 inches that fell in February crushed the previous one-month record of 43.3 inches in January 2005.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables.
The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003.
There were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage.
He ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.
He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him.
Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semis on Friday.
Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave the Blues the lead.
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before Tammy Abraham scored.
Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria.
It means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight.
He has to wear a long-sleeved shirt, trousers, and gloves in all weather.
His condition can flare up when he is inside, so his parents have installed dimmed windows to block out the sun's rays.
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40ft off Appley Bridge Quarry, Wigan, in 2012.
Family were told she would almost lose her legs if she didn't pull through.
Natalie's friends dragged her onto banking and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation.
She was flown to hospital by mountain rescue team and placed in ICU.
Doctors managed to save her legs, but she was unable to walk or stand.
In August 2013, she gave birth to her third child, Scarlett, now 19 months.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall.
The couple are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la Frontera.
They are planning to move back to the UK but say their money is tied up in the property.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia.
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources.
According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year.
Gary Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space'
Neville believes Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
Harrison Coogan, Hunter Coker, Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber busted.
They were hauling trailer with expired tag on I-10 in Mobile County, Alabama.
Police found nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine.
James May said Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets should 'kill themselves'
Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of abuse.
The presenter quickly clarified: 'Obviously I don't actually want people to kill themselves but, really, we don't want them as fans'
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the Betway Premier League.
Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match.
Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall.
'Euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in 2013.
But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed.
Charities claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented.
They say the animals are stuck in squalid state-run pounds where 'they are waiting to die'
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Loic Remy and Willian in Audi challenge.
Players aim to sink balls into convertible Audi's from long range.
Hazard and Ake secure the points with a 5-3 win over the pair.
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson soon.
Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race.
But he says the top-four battle is not over either.
Earl Arthur Olander was found dead at his home in rural Minnesota.
Police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest.
Neighbours have described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com.
Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com.
Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.
Bright yellow gatso had enforced 30mph speed limit for motorists in Birmingham.
But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of Peggy.
Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19.
A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports.
Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players will be encouraged to take part indemonstrations held both before and after the game at St James' Park.
Woman, 19, was changing in cubicle at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Buckinghamshire.
She noticed a man looking under bottom of cubicle and kicked him.
Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July.
Atletico Madrid are considering bringing him back in the summer.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The Spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism this season.
Real Madrid have slipped four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country.
Dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.
In Abu Dhabi, a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
Forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend.
Luxury hubs such as LAX and Hurghada International Airport are often cited as the worst in the world.
Travelers complain of long queues for security, paying for internet connectivity that doesn't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal.
LaGuardia New York has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America.
Surfers Paradise Meter Maids have a 50-year history.
The initiative was started in 1965 to stave off bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters.
Local business owners have labelled the group outdated and were no longer providing a service.
They believe the group are violating the council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised the Briton after the race.
Hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from Rosberg.
Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate'
His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'
'I think I even looked,' Holliday wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday's White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Fern Britton, 57, has revealed how close she came to suicide after divorce.
Mother-of-four had first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life.
She has been married to her second husband TV chef Phil Vickery, 53, for fifteen years.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a new home.
He has been abandoned by the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex, since he was found.
The 18.5in cross is part corgi, part husky and is a favourite with staff.
Huskies have become increasingly popular due to shows such as Game of Thrones.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level.
Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
The gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie.
The outfit has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color.
It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at Universal Studios.
Michael Slager shot dead African-American, father-of-four Walter Scott on Saturday.
Mr Scott, 50, was running from the cop when he was shot dead.
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott'
Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes'
Rapper Big Boi simply published a black square with the words: '#Walter Scott'
Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe.
It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
The average hike was five to seven hours and at times I walked for ages without meeting another soul.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, was arrested on Wednesday, according to police.
She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student, a cteacher said on Thursday.
Among the items recovered from the room were a computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema kit.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California, runs for its second weekend from April 17-19.
Visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to Travel money specialist No.1 Currency.
England’s Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost.
Huma Abedin, 38, was spotted with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan, two, at Tortaria in New York on Saturday afternoon.
Weiner and Clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and salad in an Iowa Chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained Abedin did not put any change in the tip jar.
They opted instead for a more upmarket eatery next door: Tortaría.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Lack of natural light is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically.
Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia.
Study shows 40 minutes of extra natural light per day could help to reduce cases by 26 per cent.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from.
He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm)
Angel Rangel is in line for his first start for over two months.
Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton with a hamstring injury.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night.
She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner.
The man working at Sam The Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.
But the butcher vehemently denied any claims he swore at or abused the young woman.
Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show.
He refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests.
But he tried to propose by throwing the ring in his face.
Dawn then stormed out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Southern California Walmart on April 5 around 8.45am.
He was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel and took out $800 in cash before stopping at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga.
Investigators said Jones spent more than $350 in Walmart on items including clothes, a radio, a backpack and camping gear.
After he left the store, he withdrew another $100 in cash.
The father of five from Colorado was visiting California after traveling from Las Vegas.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury.
Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade.
A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge and a man surfing waves in front of the Opera House were just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the storm.
The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop and a Bondi house with sand pouring through its doors.
Fabio Lovato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in the Cineworld in Gloucester.
The 30-year-old then got down on one knee and popped the question.
He created a video showcasing pictures from their time together in Australia.
It included the words 'Laura I have a question for you' and a picture of the couple.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving in Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Rayo defender Antonio Amaya inside the box.
Ronaldo is now free to start at the Bernabeu after La Liga appeals committee decided that he had been unfairly punished.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer.
The hormone is used to ease the effects of menopause.
Women who stop taking HRT for more than 10 years still have a high risk.
Researchers from the Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK have found strong evidence that HRT increases breast cancer risk.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign.
Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12.
More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter.
The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
Idaho firm ReachIn has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the US, letting anyone play with cats via the system.
The Hilti DD350 drill was used by thieves during the brazen heist.
The gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault.
They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins.
Police are offering a £20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
Shibu Inu caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an American Kennel Club centre.
The pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion.
Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping, whining and barking at one another.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer.
A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
The scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses.
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to floor.
He'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near bottom of pallet in Manchester.
But she was unable to hold it normally due to her injured thumbs.
She fell to floor and suffered injuries that saw her end up in hospital.
Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court cleared him of any wrongdoing.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut.
The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom.
Prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their California home the night of August 28, 2009.
Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs.
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago.
The 60-year-old joined H and G Contracting Services Ltd at Heathrow Airport.
He claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working.
Mr Gibson claims bosses failed to make his job easier after pain in his knee became too excruciating.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR.
The centre-back has 15 months left on his contract at Loftus Road.
Hull are also interested in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was allegedly murdered in February.
A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Usain Bolt will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre challenge on Sunday.
The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin.
Bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit.
Next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
VICTORIA BECKHAM had a hit with this armband shift dress.
Next does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.
The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant.
In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.
He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said.
Two boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days.
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family.
Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan.
The pair are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey on March 31.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation.
It teaches people to focus on the present moment and has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants.
Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group compared to 47 per cent for the medication group.
This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National.
Here are Nos 10-1 in our countdown, featuring videos of shots from the likes of Nick Faldo, Louis Oosthuizen and the late, great Seve Ballesteros.
Tories claim Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as PM because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader – claiming he is a 'backstabber'
Tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident.
Deputy PM said control of the Department for Education would be key demand.
Mr Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against 'ideological gimmicks'
Mr Gove was the first Tory Education Secretary when the coalition was formed.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, was babysitting Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it'
Manny Pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman.
He doubles as the player-coach of a professional basketball team, the Kia Carnival.
Lara Logan, 43, was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in Egypt in 2011.
She is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky,confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized.
Logan was forced in 2011 to take a seven-month leave of absence after admitting her report on the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
Friday is also Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last.
The talented artist's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings.
Meanwhile, the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal.
The Italian striker took a'slight knock' in training on Friday.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker did not travel with the squad.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite.
Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses.
Unite has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts.
Researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
The scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out.
Many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw has been tasked with finding a new presenter.
She said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC, despite his sacking.
But she refused to say who would be replacing Clarkson.
Asked if it would be a woman, she said female candidates were being considered.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives'
He said a vote for Ukip would be equal to a vote against Miliband.
He also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind the Tories.
Mr Johnson's intervention signals the Tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority Labour government dependent on the votes of SNP MPs.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer.
Rooney has revealed he has had to learn to be his own man.
The England skipper has also played alongside Steven Gerrard and John Terry.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested at 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Stancil, who had a knife with him, was found sleeping on the beach, which is a violation of a local ordinance.
The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane.
Lane, who was gay, had been in a relationship with a man named Chuck Tobin, who vanished after leaving home last July and his remains were found in November
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney.
The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device.
It was focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds.
He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.
Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in 2013.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital.
She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city of Istanbul.
Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
He documents his work to his Instagram page, which has over 50,000 followers.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Sergio Aguero scored.
Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday.
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton.
The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages.
Van Gaal said it was too early to know the severity of the injury.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch.
The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts.
They were designed by British artist Giles Walker with their moves controlled by a computer.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969.
Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998.
His facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible 17 years on.
The mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in Mongolia.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in Bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report.
This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
Fannie Randle has worked at the University of Southern California sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years.
The housekeeper was saving for a new car because hers was old and held together with duct tape.
She was presented with a $21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home.
The mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce, also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party.
But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes'
Teaching watchdog working on possible disciplinary cases against staff.
Allegations include al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen copied in classroom.
More than 50 teachers alleged exchanged messages in WhatsApp group.
Also alleged exchanged offensive comments about British soldiers and Boston bombings.
Probe into Islamic plot last year found evidence of anti-Western rhetoric.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Labour leader Ed Miliband would soon 'change his tune'
Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with the SNP.
Critics said that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in, day out with SNP MPs.
Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
The Sensitive Needs Housing Unit is set to protect former members from the gangs, some of the more prominent being the Black Guerilla Family, Aryan Brotherhood and rival hispanic gangs Nuestra Familia from Northern California and the Mexican Mafia from the south.
Russia lifted ban on supplying Iran with air defence missile system.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 equipment 'promptly'
Move likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 test debut on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015.
Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1.
Pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed.
Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’
Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘inevitable crash’ later.
In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment.
Schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday.
The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car.
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, fondled vulnerable teen's breasts during routine examination.
He asked her to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each breast.
The father-of-one had spent 12 years working in the NHS, Durham Crown Court heard.
Maung has now been jailed for 18 months and is facing a General Medical Council investigation.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million.
The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago.
It was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead alongside a scarecrow he had sex with.
Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Straw had been stuffed inside the old clothes that had been sewn together.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs.
FA chairman Dyke has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving.
England C has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts a week before heist.
They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday.
But they thought it was simply a continuation of road works.
Meanwhile it has been alleged that thieves returned a day after robbery.
Police have released dramatic CCTV images of the raid in the hope of a breakthrough in the investigation.
Clare Van Santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
The mother-of-five was first diagnosed in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
She has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums.
Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways.
In an open letter to Kidman, the president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Laura Glading, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador.
Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday.
The obvious exceptions are Ryan Gosling - is there a hot list he isn't on? - and Justin Timberlake.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled by questions.
Came as he turned the clock back to ape John Major's election soapbox.
But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’
Mr Cameron promised to ‘take to the streets’ to defend Tory record.
The 34-year-old model, who has announced she's retiring from the runway, was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning.
While some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, others sported an entire mask of face bling.
Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the look.
Hyperion is one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km)
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken.
The moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
The squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
Lanarkshire Police have urged anyone who has seen these symbols to call them.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman.
She captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park.
The video has been shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up.
This resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times.
Emma Forbes, 49, made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat.
Land Registry documents show she sold that seven-bedroom home for £43 million in February.
She and her hedge fund boss husband Graham Clempson had bought it for £18.5 million in 2007, before spending large sums on revamping it.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session.
The Toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair.
Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer.
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club.
While Guardiola was the public face, Vilanova worked hard behind the scenes as Barca not only won trophies but did it by taking apart opposition teams.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season.
Arsenal must make a swift decision on the Chelsea stopper.
The Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move.
Liverpool, PSG, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989'
Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
Castleford winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday.
Carney did not suffer a break as first feared.
Raheem Sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at Liverpool.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce feels paying Sterling more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old's team-mates demanding more.
Allardyce does not blame Sterling for trying to get as much as possible.
Incident happened on unregistered road between A417 and Cowley in Gloucestershire.
Driver followed sat nav and ended up losing roof between hedge and tree.
Police say they are considering pursuing driver for driving offence.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central.
He is pictured appearing to lick a female friend's breasts on Facebook.
But the 35-year-old insists the pictures show him enjoying himself 'like a normal person'
He said they show he is able to balance his personal and professional life.
Malky Mackay has been sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months.
The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a meeting with new chairman David Sharpe.
Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November.
He is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
He answered bail at the Peterlee police station in County Durham on Thursday.
Julie Creffield was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18.
She completed a marathon in 2012 - and has done numerous races since.
Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size.
The new policy allows for an American traveler to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list.
In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns.
The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Tommy Cox, from Colchester, Essex, is just two years old.
His mother is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.
The real George is due to become a big brother at any moment.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington.
The 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties.
She was then driven with her son to a house in Fife, where she was tied to a cupboard in the garage while the boy was taken inside.
Police said Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton at 9am yesterday.
Michael Slager, 33, fired eight shots at the back of Walter Scott as he ran away from a police officer on Saturday.
The officer had little in his file to suggest excessive force.
People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
Police in South Carolina routinely dismiss complaints of petty brutality and harassment, even when eyewitnesses can attest to police misbehavior.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his gesture.
Krul smiled at Defoe shortly after the striker's goal gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Saido Berahino is likely to be away with England under 21s until June.
West Brom were open to bids of £20million for the striker in January.
Berahino has said he wants to play Champions League football.
A new study has found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory.
Researchers at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
Russian YouTuber Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia.
In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda.
The earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages, but no one was hurt.
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.
But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick.
The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below.
It is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello
Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during Crystal Palace's 2-1 win over Manchester City on Monday night.
The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling City fans when he was hit by the flying object.
Puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the City supporters after referee Michael Oliver and his assistant Gary Beswick checked to see if he was OK.
Blackburn were eliminated from the FA Cup by Liverpool on Wednesday night.
Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players.
Bowyer has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the last two transfer windows.
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race.
RunBase will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on Tuesday.
It takes effect July 1.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure.
Abortion rights supporters said the procedure is often the safest for women seeking to terminate pregnancies during the second trimester.
Saturday Night Live skewered the news that Hillary Clinton would be announcing her presidential campaign on social media this week.
The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'
She is expected to reveal via video that she is taking another stab at what she believes is 'the highest and hardest glass ceiling'
Egerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago.
Simon Phillip Comerford and Laurence William Comerf served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th Battalion in the 5th Brigade.
Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI.
His role as a combat engineer included clearing minefields and bridge building.
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently.
But do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations?
Use our short household audit to see how many of the below items you own.
Score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is believed to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar.
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at the club.
Puyol could join up with Frank Lampard or Xavi in the US.
Click here for more Barcelona news.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a Purple Heart.
The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of abusing his position of power.
Allegedly raped and molested 11 young women who wanted to join the forces.
He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian.
Has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the Miami fashion crowd.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are set to marry in Dunblane Cathedral.
Decorations feature in many of the shop windows in the town's stores.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the day.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history.
Rafa Benitez has the lowest average of goals conceded per game.
Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti have impressive defensive records.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in Arsenal U21's 1-0 defeat by Reading.
Wilshere was joined by Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family.
Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.
Finch was part of Australia's World Cup-winning side.
The 28-year-old was injured playing for the Mumbai Indians in the IPL.
Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year.
This makes it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents.
Artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created a moving art installation.
Created as part of HSE’s Beware Asbestos campaign.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds.
West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
The victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday.
This popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's.
In a leaked memo from the firm's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief said that customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May'
She added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability'
Giant turnip weighing 33lbs and measuring 4ft long across has been grown in China's Yunnan Province.
The monster vegetable, which weighs more than a three-year-old child, is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown.
Mr Li said he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday.
Mo Farah will race over 1500m at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7.
Farah will compete in the first time he's competed over 1,500m since 2013.
Tracey Cox says Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing.
She says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably.
Focus on what you liked about your ex at the start, not what drove you apart.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.
Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong supporting for legalizing same sex marriage.
The famously liberal justice, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states.
Ginsburg has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases, cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance.
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night.
Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses.
Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and New York.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday.
He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire.
Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show.
After the attack, the drone crashed to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died'
The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014.
Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
Fast-forward three months later and Jewell's number hasn't been reinstated.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons had to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein.
Mabbutt will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Szburg Airport in Austria charges £2,530 to land a 767-400 jet on its runways.
Haneda Airport in Tokyo charges £4,559 ($6,850) just for the privilege of landing.
Tokyo's Narita International Airprot comes second, charging £3,728 ($5,600)
Boris Milat has revealed how his brother, Ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree.
Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars.
Mr Milat said he also lied to protect a brother, but was confessing to bring closure to Dillon.
'Ivan shot this bloke in the back,' Dillon told Mr Milat, as the pair shook hands.
Two men broke into Esso petrol station in Caterham, Surrey, last Wednesday.
They forced their way into manager's office looking for cash and fled.
Police have released CCTV of the two men who were caught on camera.
Three people have been taken to hospital following a head-on collision.
The 1973 E-Type Jaguar was completely written off when it came up against a Toyota Kluger on their Sunday drive.
Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to the hospital as a precaution.
NSW police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town.
The 21-year-old plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138-ball innings.
Livingstone has yet to make his first-team debut for the Red Rose.
Floyd Mayweather is one of the highest-paid fighters in the world.
The boxer has earned more than $400million in his career.
He has a vast collection of cars, private jets and jewellery.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with the death of Joan Kagezi.
Kagezi was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab.
The former pharmacy student was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years.
He was awarded £1million in compensation by the British government following his release.
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12.
He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her.
But his granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph.
The image dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager.
Man located after Operation Resolve launched appeal on Thursday.
Police say fans may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
The appeal is part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans were crushed.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old Vincent Viafore.
The couple were kayaking on the Hudson River April 19 when Viafore's kayak flipped over near Cornwall-On-Hudson.
Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak.
She was later picked up by a boater and has not been found.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges last month.
His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7.
Langley has now publicly recanted her story, claiming that mood swings made her lie about being assaulted.
On Tuesday, she held a press conference on campus declaring that her boyfriend is innocent, and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'
His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that won't heal.
He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
His skin is as fragile as a butterfly's wing.
Unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson.
She followed her inspirational story of cancer survival.
But Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
Campbell joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
In a magazine interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Manchester United players met sick supporters on Monday.
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea met the fans at their training complex.
The trio were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'
Van Gaal was upset at what he perceived to be a foul on Falcao.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish.
Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on.
Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal.
Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman.
Mr Aikman has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback'
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs.
The Kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants, John Updegraff and Karen Szewc, started breeding dogs in 2002.
On Thursday, a jury ruled in favor of the Kreins, ordering the canines to be debarked within 60 days.
Border collies Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up.
Candice Bergen, 68, played the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown, which ran for ten years starting in 1988.
In her new memoir, A Fine Romance, she reveals that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy Charlie McCarthy.
Martin Fletcher's book Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian.
He points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes.
Fletcher was 12 when he became determined to challenge the accepted theories which he believes were founded upon a flawed investigation.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon looping lightning.
Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Steven Gerrard's final game as a Liverpool player will come in the league on May 16.
Gerrard is likely to begin his new career in mid-July once the MLS transfer window opens.
Losing to Aston Villa in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final will take time to get over.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew.
Lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest.
Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system.
The semi-detached property in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years.
It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even the vintage cupboards.
The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink.
Wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day.
From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips.
The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening.
The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time.
A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew members.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League table.
Europa League football is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players.
Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
T-shirts mock serious issue which affects one in six women.
Play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims seeking help.
Sulezy Lamplugh Trust aims to'make society a safer place'
British scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic 'chef' hands.
They are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors.
The hands can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat, whether it is a simple home-cooked supper, or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage a trois with Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013.
She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself.
But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013.
Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4.
The New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English.
She has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook.
In one section they promise Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders'
She wrote: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19.
She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.
Her first experience was at 19 when she was studying at Cambridge.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals.
The Czech will now face Andy Murray in the last eight.
Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about Labour leader's looks.
One Tweet read: 'Miliband is totally talking to me and no one else, you sexy beast. Keep staring down the camera Ed! #leadersdebate'
Shortly afterwards, a Vine of Mr Miliband smouldering sultrily took the internet by storm.
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission revoked Get Rid of Sids Project's charity status on Wednesday.
The organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger.
Dr Tenpenny cancelled her remaining talks due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
She was due to speak at a number of events in Brisbane, Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne and the Gold Coast.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children.
They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
The same couldn't be said for the 900 men, women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on Sunday.
Molly Parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin.
He pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions.
Saige, five, has been living with her mother for five years.
She tells her mother: 'I'm moving on, I'm going to Jenn's!'
But her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her.
Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Bavaria.
Bayern have been cruising towards the Bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage as injuries seem to hardly affect them domestically.
Kyle Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday.
The Tottenham defender sustained the injury following a collision with Kieran Trippier at Turf Moor on Sunday.
Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
More tests are planned this week.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law.
The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store.
He was caught on CCTV selecting items, including meat and bottles of wine, which he put into a bag.
The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million.
Ghosh lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs.
USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands.
It could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly.
The veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads on July 1, 1946.
Leicester beat West Brom 3-2 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of survival.
Nigel Pearson's side are now just three points behind Hull in 17th place.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia.
Experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect.
A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted.
Most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition.
Vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness.
Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour.
The men collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House.
They were rushed to St Vincent's Hospital but are now stable.
Police believe at least one man, and possibly the others, had taken 'blue scissor' pills, similar to those linked to overdoses in Cronulla last year.
'Loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone by working out which areas' residents are most at risk.
Essex and Gloucestershire councils have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
He would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa.
On Wednesday, he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwe.
The animal charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project.
The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams.
Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in.
Millie-Belle Diamond, 14 months, has 115,000 Instagram followers.
Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online.
She originally set up an Instagram account for her when she was two months old.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests.
Front row attendees were given a personalised Lenovo tablet.
But a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers decided to snap them up for themselves.
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give each of the 100 pilots a Bentley.
The prince, who owns $300 million stake in Twitter, apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted.
He wrote: 'To recognise the one hundred participating Saudi pilots I am pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars'
Kim Roberts admitted stealing paintings, vases and silverware from Countess of Bathurst.
The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches.
Roberts’ haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness.
Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000.
Now, newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from the policy taken out in July
Julie Falconer's account, A Lady in London, showcases the best of the English capital.
Adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Daniel Noll and Audrey Scott are professional adventurers, who have been travelling the world since leaving San Francisco in 2001.
Reverend Creflo Dollar launched appeal last month for $65million Gulfstream G650.
He claims 'the devil is trying to discredit' him and needs the plane to preach.
Dollar, 53, is one of the most prominent African-American preachers in the U.S.
He is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes.
Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings.
Manager James Hannaway says he is fed up with 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'
He says he has been forced to reconsider over the ratings on the Tuesday films.
The 1930s original Art Deco cinema has one screen in its proscenium.
Firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook.
Firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature.
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to League One.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in the win for Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side.
Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0.
Mark O'Meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on Sunday.
Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan.
Seve Ballesteros's second Masters victory featured what he called 'the best golf of my life' over the first four holes.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville.
No one was injured in the crash.
Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home.
The 18-year-old tabby was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later.
He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark’s Square.
George and Amal's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of Venice's most exclusive venues.
The hotel's heated swimming pool, set in extensive gardens, is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central Venice.
Guests included Cindy Crawford, Bill Murray, Emily Blunt and Matt Damon, U2 lead singer Bono and US Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move to Wolfsburg and Napoli.
The Liverpool defender has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds.
Skrtel's contract expires in 2016 and he has rejected the rumours.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty in May 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately.
A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence.
Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago.
Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations.
Love Food Hate Waste alerts you to duplicate buys.
iFood plus is a shopping and meal planning app.
Smartmeal calculates nutritional values of almost 350 foods.
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Neymar posted a photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi.
The Brazilian captioned the photo: ‘Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!’
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night.
The Italians progressed 1-0 on aggregate after Arturo Vidal's penalty.
Patrice Evra believes the Italians could learn from a more combative style of play.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.
His wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, was last seen alive on Easter Sunday.
Form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold.
It asks a further 19 questions ranging from mundane to sinister.
At the top is an introduction implying it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits.
The form is ominously titled ‘Invisible Empire’, an alternative name for the clan at the time.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution.
'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement.
Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762.
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo.
Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
David Villa joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after a year at Vicente Calderon last season.
Villa posted a photo of him cheering on his former club during the tie.
Carnival Spirit has been stranded outside Sydney Harbour because of the city's wild weather.
The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
Eleven metre waves have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride.
Robin van Persie's son Shaqueel posted a video of him scoring with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden.
The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert.
Van Persie Snr posted the video on his Instagram account, which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former Colombia keeper Rene Higuita before celebrating with some Grease-inspired dance moves.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
He was arrested after allegedly uploading images of child pornography to the social networking site, Tumblr.
James Rebanks studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District.
He was born into a job from which, now in his 40s, he takes infinite pride.
Every year, spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long, harsh winter.
Manchester United and Liverpool are interested in signing Memphis Depay.
Depay has held talks with PSV Eindhoven this week.
PSG are understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than Liverpool.
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the'respect he deserves'
The Spaniard returns to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday to face Chelsea.
Wenger wants'respect' for the club's former players.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon.
Eden Hazard put Chelsea ahead from the penalty spot in the first half.
Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time.
Stoke continued to make things difficult for Chelsea until an Asmir Begovic error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night.
The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4.
It will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium.
Both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Nico de Boinville.
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot on Monday.
The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, is a part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.
During the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
The cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday.
Depp plays the notorious criminal who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011.
The trailer was one of several Warner Bros screen at CinemaCon on Thursday.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark runs How to Survive a Sleep Thief.
She has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother.
They include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee.
Emily-Jane says: 'We have known our child for two days. We do not need a break from her just yet'
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation.
Georgia fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany.
European football's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks.
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs.
46 per cent gave them toys bought for their elder sibling.
Second children have to put up with having fewer new clothes bought for then.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
Firefighters spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle.
The fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.
The Liverpool boss has led to some unhappy fans calling for his dismissal.
Collymore believes Rodgers is the right man to take the club forward.
Emmanuel Sithole was attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed.
Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life but his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart.
Grey and white cat Marv became stuck in a gap between two garages.
He was left dangling upside down for two hours and the RSPCA were unable to coax him out.
Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour's wall.
After creating a hole in the wall, Marv's tail and back legs were revealed.
The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806.
It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.
HanTing is the latest Michelin star in town.
Australian internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film.
Internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading.
The ruling means the Hollywood studio can now go after each individual to claim compensation.
A man driving to work in Alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him.
That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
Terry Proctor, 29, of Piedmont, was arrested after a foot chase.
The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win.
Then, in celebrating their big victory, they broke the trophy.
Both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday.
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West visited Armenian church in Jerusalem.
Kardashian family fended off swooning fans as they entered Saint James Cathedral.
Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Gerry Adams sparked outrage by suggesting incidents like Mrs McConville's murder happened 'in every single conflict'
The comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten.
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast in front of her children.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The mega-fight is billed as the biggest pay-per-view in sport.
Boxing legend Mike Tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing bouts.
Click here for more boxing news.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular call' for drivers.
Mercedes have won two of the three Formula One races this season.
Nico Rosberg criticised Lewis Hamilton during Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Charmain Adusah, 41, was found face down in a bath in Koforidua, Ghana.
Husband Eric Isaiah Adussah, 28, is being held on suspicion of her murder.
He is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher.
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home.
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs.
The government stated ‘the current situation would not be tolerated’
Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria, in March.
They found hens in such a bad state they had to be removed from the cages.
The owner of the farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
Two recent inspections did not find any breaches under animal cruelty laws.
Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash.
Kerr was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' at Margaret River.
Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Camborne and Redruth.
He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin.
Jenkin is running in the same constituency for Mebyon Kernow - the party for Cornwall.
She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you'
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday.
She has been charged with first-degree assault.
Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal.
Austria defender has impressed manager Marcel Koller at White Hart Lane.
Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Spurs.
Newcastle United beat Sunderland 2-1 in the Tyne-Wear derby.
The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
But on Sunday they set another record as losers of the last five derbies.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Jay Hart, 24, was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager's dugout.
The semi-professional footballer was wearing a Clitheroe FC tracksuit.
He could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he romped with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs.
His team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley's Seel Park stadium in the final game of the season.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April.
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
John Doyle, 79, was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road.
But Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over crossing point without slowing.
Mr Doyle tapped lollipop stick on roof of BMW as it hurtled past.
Rustemi returned minutes later in fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle.
He punched Mr Doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg against Saracens in January.
Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup.
Morgan last featured for England when he scored two tries during their victory over Australia five months ago.
Leaked notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel, explain in detail how ISIS were able to take control in Syria.
The documents, including blueprints for an ISIS secret service, were found in Haji Bakr's former home in Tal Rifaat, north of Aleppo in Syria, after his death.
They outline how the group intended to infiltrate villages and establish a 'Stasi-like' secret service for internal surveillance.
The unnamed man died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms.
The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s.
The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur.
The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody.
His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child.
They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
John Carver says he is enjoying his role at Newcastle.
Newcastle have won just two games under Carver.
The 50-year-old believes he is getting the best out of the players.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues.
Thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
There were 32 50-minute episodes over two series, shown in 66 countries.
The show spawned a merchandising frenzy, with more than 3,000 Thunderbirds products, from puppets and lunchboxes to T-shirts.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Saturday afternoon.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as the Bees moved up to fifth in the Championship.
Alan Judge and Jota put the result beyond doubt in injury time.
Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those who withdrew.
Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday.
He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path.
Angela Buckler, 34, said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse.
Police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
Swedish songwriters Abba and Bjorn visited the Wellington Museum in Waterloo.
They were treated to a rapturous limousine procession through the town.
The French-speaking world – and especially the French – don't figure very significantly in the numbers of tourists who visit the battlefield site every year.
BBC1 boss Charlotte Moore confirmed that Turner’s broody Ross would return for another series.
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode, helping the flagship BBC channel attract more than a quarter of television viewers in evenings.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand.
It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm.
In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away.
Gadget was created by Wuppertal-based Mr Priobe, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero.
His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths.
The girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels.
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest, which has been running since 2005.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
The 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account.
He spent the money on a number of expensive items including a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph and paintings.
Moore will be sentenced on Friday in a Sydney court.
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him.
Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over couple's lack of children.
Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute.
Deportivo midfielder Jose Rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee Pedro Jesus Perez Montero pointing to the spot.
The home side's lead did not last long, however, as Deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 38th minute.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000.
His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
Schmidt took to the course about an hour before the Grand Prix and did nearly two laps around the 11-turn circuit in the modified Corvette C7 Stingray.
Mark Lippert, 42, was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a South Korean man with a history of erratic behaviour at a breakfast forum in central Seoul.
He also suffered injuries to his arm.
The North frequently rails at the United States, the South's biggest ally, accusing it of preparing for imminent invasion.
Henri Morris, 67, was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012.
She told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from Houston, Texas, to New Jersey for work.
The woman said when she woke up she was naked and her boss was standing over her and taking pictures on his mobile phone.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.
The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family in the French Alps.
The Welsh schoolboy became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop.
Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed.
His family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer in 2012.
He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel.
Doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil.
Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
Arsenal host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
West Bromwich Albion host QPR at the Hawthorns on Sunday afternoon.
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013.
She sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
Johnson has claimed a supervisor at the restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights.
One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051, research shows.
The huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants.
Campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol.
He slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall.
Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment.
But three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Tributes have since flooded in for 'total legend' who leaves behind partner and step-daughter.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
John Carver's side have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory.
It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
The Czechs have won five games against Slovakia.
Former Labour minister Liam Byrne left the note to his successor in 2010.
It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam'
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls said the note was just a 'jokey note'
He said Labour would cut the deficit – still running at £90billion a year – every year.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose seat to SNP.
He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge.
Plan is to keep 42-year-old MP Inverness MP as Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Leinster are currently fifth in the Pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures.
Bath are short of experience in some key positions, particularly their up and coming backline.
Clermont have not lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse in Istanbul and took him hostage.
Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running 'terrorist propaganda' images, before going on to block access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube.
Turkish Press Council said banning social media websites was in conflict with democracy.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast.
Once in capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and Establishment figures.
Account provides first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings.
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32.
Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
Other messages allegedly asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her mother for he evening or contained pictures of his 'lap'
Leicester City host West Ham United at the King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Matt Upson is out of Leicester's clash with West Ham.
Jeff Schlupp could be rested for the Foxes.
Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss out.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced.
He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'
But he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation.
Then moved to a second and third hotel to evade police.
Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing's arrest.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following tip-off.
Customer called in cops after witnessing staff butchering dog to be served as pork dish.
Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'The meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking xenophobic violence.
He said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave South Africa.
The dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing.
A road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera.
The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney.
It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car.
Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe.
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war.
Mr Miliband's remarks came amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars in the Middle East and North Africa.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas have yet to be signed.
The pair are finalising their preparations for the fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement'
The president opened his speech on the South Lawn by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion'
But then came the zinger: 'I usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat'
The Patriots assembled behind him groaned. Coach Bill Belichick, who is notoriously humorless, responded by giving the president a thumbs down.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.
The liberal arts college sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows.
A suspicious package was found in the Kirner-Johnson building, and K-9 dogs were on scene.
Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.
Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.
She also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children.
State officials are seeking to terminate Blair's parental rights to her other two children, as well as the parental
Leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
Earlier this year, residents in the district were named as among the best recyclers.
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it's description of diggers as 'dole bludgers', rapists and terrorists.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January.
The page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday.
Aaron Cresswell gave the Hammers the lead with a free kick after seven minutes.
Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke with a 95th minute equaliser.
Sam Allardyce's side now sit ninth in the Premier League table.
Luke Shambrook went without food or water since Good Friday.
He has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park since he was just one year old.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing.
His parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot.
In 2012-13, 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live.
This weekend, for the first time, NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
Star anchor Rebecca Lowe was at Turf Moor for Burnley's Premier League match against Arsenal.
Lowe was joined by former USA midfielder Kyle Martino and fellow pundit Robbie Earle.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at M&S.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south east London, is accused of killing him.
Court heard she became frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked.
She allegedly exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over.
Mr Buckley, who weighed only 8st, suffered a heart attack on Christmas Day.
He was taken into intensive care and put on life support machine two months later.
Two months later, decision was taken to turn off machine and he died.
Long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month.
Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix to extend his championship lead.
The Briton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg.
Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq, and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising.
One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name Niall Horan.
Niall will swap girls screams for Augusta greens as he caddies for the Northern Irishman.
McIlroy piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships in Sheffield.
The Manchester United winger had turned out for the Under 21 side at Fulham on Tuesday night amid reports he could be farmed out on loan next season.
Januzaj was at the Crucible to cheer on Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill.
Hamm, 44, allegedly set fire to a 21-year-old pledge during a hazing ritual gone wrong at University of Texas at Austin in 1990.
The alleged victim told police that Hamm and seven other frat brothers beat him with a paddle and dragged him by his genitals.
Hamm was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his career.
Summer Robertson died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach.
The 21-year-old had been helping youngsters in one of South Africa's poorest townships.
She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts.
She is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying.
But this time it is both House and her new husband, Zackerie House, 27, who police are after, accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'
Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.
Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records, has denied killing the men in a parking lot in Compton on January 18.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm)
Diego Costa may not be risked despite being passed fit.
Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock.
Marc Muniesa set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games.
Ben Thurlow attacked Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound.
The 23-year-old was suffering from a suspected concussion when he attacked.
He shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance.
Paramedics were called and two officers were forced to escort him to hospital.
But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson.
Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
David Lammy said SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Comes amid warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom'
Polls suggest SNP are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
But Scottish First Minister has vowed to work with Miliband to 'lock out' David Cameron.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job – but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini.
Txiki Begiristain met the Borussia Dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for City.
The club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way in China this weekend.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton.
Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
Living Dead Clothing has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week.
The Brisbane based designer is already raking in millions on the back of Hollywood's blockbuster moving 'The Avengers: Age of Ultron'
The most popular items have been both the men's and women's rainmaker shirts and singlets, at $85 each.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother with the help of her boyfriend in August.
She dumped the half-naked body in a taxi outside the upscale St Regis Bali Resort.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years.
In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row.
They were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005.
Despite their clear rehabilitation, Chan and Suumaran were shot dead by a firing squad early on Wednesday morning.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23.
Police say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary.
The affidavit said several text messages were sent from Fleming's phone to her mother but that the family didn't believe Fleming sent them because she is a poor speller.
Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the Apple Watch.
The most expensive Edition model costs £2,500 more in the UK.
At the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model.
This is £42 when bought in California, compared to the UK, and £63 when compared to Montana.
Apple told MailOnline: 'UK prices include VAT. US prices don't include sales tax'
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich.
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street with a rifle.
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.
Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia, 36.
The footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, took their own lives this week, less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored.
Mrs Speidel wrote on GiveForward.com in late February that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off.
The couple leave behind two daughters, Randa and Kira Speidel.
Quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
Quake came three days after a magnitude 3.5 earthquake hit the west Los Angeles neighborhood of Baldwin Hills.
Angel Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo which stands out strongly among others on his left arm.
Paul and Laura Elliott married at St Katharine Docks in Clapham, London.
The couple ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon on Sunday.
Paul lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory.
Eddie Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF super-bantamweight champion.
Frampton’s promoters, Cyclone Promotions, have released a press release in response to the offer.
The promoters claim they are awaiting formal communication from Hearn's Matchroom Sports before renewing negotiations over the much-hyped bout.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees.
Selfie sticks are pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits.
Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, have spoken out.
They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation.
Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship.
Jane has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer.
Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old.
Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Arsene Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season.
Wenger said: 'It would be a shame for Burnley to go down'
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Wear-Tyne derby at the Stadium of Light.
Jermain Defoe scored the only goal of the game at half-time.
Dick Advocaat's side are three points clear of the relegation zone.
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself.
Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday.
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, have been cycling for 356 days.
They have covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km) and been through 16 countries.
In that time they have been living on less than three euros each a day, or 10 euro cents per kilometre.
Nick Clegg was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour mansion.
But the move was vetoed by his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez.
Couple invited cameras into kitchen of £1.5m family home in Putney, London.
They revealed why they stayed with their three sons Antonio, Alberto, and Miguel.
Mr Clegg quipped: 'Discussion's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no'
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
The PSV midfielder has scored 16 goals in all competitions for the Dutch giants.
Wojciech Szczesny says he has the ambition to play for a 'great club'
Click here for more transfer news.
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff'
He hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting Lib Dems.
Alex Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down.
Justin Rose is seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at Augusta.
The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under.
Rose is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of Spieth.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier.
Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
The match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
The 27-year-old was the underdog for the UIC Pavilion bout with Anthony Dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights.
Groves took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to to win by a points decision or via a technical one.
The 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of Belize into an eco-resort and conservation area.
Blackadore Caye is an unpopulated, private 104-acre island in the Caribbean Sea owned by DiCaprio and a business partner.
The aim of the ambitious project is to rehabilitate the ecosystem of the area, as it has endured deterioration from over-fishing, deforestation and an eroding coastline.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt'
He became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year.
He was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived.
Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone.
Nathan now plans to enter body building competitions to showcase his transformation.
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed the 'new face' of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
The blue-eyed, Australian doctor was reportedly a 'womaniser'
Kamelh was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in Perth before he took up working for IS.
He is believed to be in his late 20's and completed his medical degree at Adelaide University.
Salford City beat Clitheroe Town 2-1 in the Evo-Stick League Northern Premier.
Paul Scholes co-owns the club with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt.
A draw at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done'
The British driver says the fine print of the terms and conditions have been 'a pain in the backside'
Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium at this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the China Open.
The veteran Scot will face defending champion Ding Junhui in the last eight.
World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 in a low-quality clash.
John Potter, from Savannah, forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s.
He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society.
The photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image.
Lib Dems are on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power.
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains.
But behind the scenes, senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book.
Ms Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business, Sweets and Sweat, in September 2013.
Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ms Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012.
David Billing, 48, had to undergo 14 hours of surgery after being diagnosed with mouth cancer.
Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.
Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm.
The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it, and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
TV presenter says women are only of average intelligence and men are'very, very bright or very thick'
Starkey also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims'
Claims fears of Islamophobia are victimising Muslims, making them 'privileged'
Kevin Pietersen has signed a new deal with Surrey.
Chris Tremlett believes Paul Downton was wrong to sack him.
Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive Easter classic, the Simnel cake.
The Belfast-born baker opts for a pistachio-based marzipan, and flavours the sponge with orange zest, chopped figs and nutmeg.
A survey by ao.com also revealed 58 per cent of the population would be indulging in home baking to celebrate Easter.
Actress Paula Duncan, 62, is famous for her Ajax Spray'n'Wipe ad.
She has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
Her daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one to find her after a suicide attempt.
Duncan's marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL.
Gayle will be hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore win first-ever title.
The 35-year-old posted a picture behind some DJ decks on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone believes English football needs to 'wake up' after this season's poor showing in Europe.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage, and Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round.
Simeone takes Atletico Madrid to rivals Real Madrid for a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night.
Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family.
'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands.
The discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires.
Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success.
Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
But it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy.
Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both hailed Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak.
Oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep Real Madrid at bay.
The Slovenian goalkeeper denied Gareth Bale in the fourth minute.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary.
He was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport.
The 39-year-old was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence.
Chef Albert Roux has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes.
Sources close to the restaurateur say he is'smitten' with Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
But this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo.
He has also been meeting up with British landscape artist Lynne Moore and Eastern European tea hostess Ljiljana Pavicevic.
Scientists at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual students.
They asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people.
Sober subjects and those who had 'had a few too many' were rated less attractive.
But too much booze led to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
Italian activist and artist AleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?'
He asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media.
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers.
Al Qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla, a city the militants overran earlier this month.
Militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal.
Latest advance marks a major gain for Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night.
Eden Hazard made the side for the third straight season.
Sergio Aguero replaced Diego Costa up front.
Gary Cahill and Nemanja Matic failed to make the team.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing.
Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park, in the Gippsland region in southeast Victoria.
The wombat turned around and gave the wombat a little crack on the nose after it seemingly got a little too close for comfort.
James and Hope Ben Canaan last month declared they were living in a 'false system'
They left the Gloriavale Christian Community on New Zealand's West Coast.
The community is home to around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject birth control.
They are now able to readily access personal technology, like mobile phones and have a television which they can watch without restrictions.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her home in Caboolture on Tuesday morning.
Police have found the car the teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner.
Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth.
Object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.
The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon.
It also explains where some rare-earth elements came from.
If true, it could open up new avenues for thought.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club.
The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks.
Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books.
Juventus and Liverpool are interested in signing the 23-year-old.
A dog on death row will for the first time have its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Tania Isbester's Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012.
Isbester appealed to the High Court hoping to have her dog saved from being put down.
The council has refused RSPCA South Australia's offer to rehabilitate the pet and assume all liability for her at no extra cost from the time of collection.
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to M1 after man fell from bridge.
But as he tended victim Alan Tretheway, 67, Mr Bell was struck by Toyota.
Mrs Shahzad pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court to causing Mr Bell’s death.
She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years, and banned from driving for 18 months.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Bayern are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba for the quarter-final, first leg in Portugal.
Muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injury troubles.
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
Sir Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly failed to achieve their nominations.
The 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane in Toronto.
He shared the picture on social media on Thursday morning.
In the shot, Mac can be seen holding on to the ladder for dear life.
The severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
However, they did not know exactly where the storm was going to hit.
The storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle.
It then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong.
Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to travel to Libya.
His eldest son Amer, 21, has been fighting for the Jabhat al-Nusra group.
He has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks.
Mr Deghays has insisted he has not 'run away' to join the fight.
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days.
She works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West.
The reality television star even snacks, saying she enjoys Justin's peanut butter packs and spoonfuls of Häagen-dazs ice cream.
Miriam Clegg joined Lib Dem Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone in North London.
The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining girls and gangs.
Mr Clegg said his wife 'wanted to do her bit' for the Lib Dem cause.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
A wily coyote gave the New York Police Department the runaround on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in Manhattan.
The male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea.
After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging on-scene officers' attempts to catch it.
Dr Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in January.
It has been claimed he was used as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative.
He was killed along with the Italian aid worker on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
His family have slammed their response to his abduction, and it has now been claimed that they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death.
The family of Martin Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe, saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Last week a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line.
The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after new agent suggested he could leave Everton.
Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer.
Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and could fetch up to £30,000.
They show everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church, as well as The Fourteen Stars Tavern.
The albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s and are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow.
Zoe Gregory, 29, pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up school.
Teaching assistant Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held for 14 hours.
She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates.
Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly's email account.
Gregory is likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting communicating false information.
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year.
He left behind four murals including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe.
The painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door.
But Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100.
Celtic beat St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL on Friday night.
Stuart Armstrong started the game with a couple of heavy touches but his pass to Kris Commons was perfectly weighted.
Stefan Johansen converted from the penalty spot to give Celtic the lead in the 64th minute.
James Forrest's intervention broke Gary Teale’s heart with a second half tap-in.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, has 189,000 followers on Instagram.
The hairdresser is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers, who can follow along on her social media accounts.
She is currently in Bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery.
Claims by Trussell Trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday.
The Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million – and possibly lower still.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever.
Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather despite the American’s unbeaten record.
The Filipino is in the best shape of his life, says Roach.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales at 20 stone.
The obese mother-of-six ate takeaways, pizzas and kebabs.
A child on a bus pointed at her and asked whether she was pregnant.
She was mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle.
Slimming down to a healthier 12.5st and won her battle against cervical cancer.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The 24-year-old's treble moved Belgium into third place in the Premier League table.
Eden Hazard has helped Belgium's cause with 12 goals for Chelsea.
Harry Kane has contributed to England's tally of 255 goals this season.
Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled the PM during the debate.
She said she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top'
She was later removed from the studio and said she was'sorry'
Ronnie O'Sullivan admits he would 'love' to be the presenter of Top Gear.
The five-time world snooker champion is looking for his sixth title this year.
O'Sullivan will play Matthew Stevens in the last 16 of the Crucible.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days.
Ms Sevilla had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
The single-mum has lived in Australia since 2007, when she arrived in the Queensland town of Townsville.
Her application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 has been rejected due to Tyrone's autism.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome.
The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck.
She assumed partying in six-inch heels during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow.
Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London's Olympia.
Chyknell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since.
It comes complete with a Grade II-listed manor house and five cottages, including a swimming pool, tennis court and stables.
The estate, described as the 'pinnicle of the residential tree', offers 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies.
The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power.
If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.
Rodgers admits losing a 'world-class player' like Luis Suarez has made things difficult for Liverpool.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.
Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk.
Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton's Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000.
The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the box.
A mechanic’s garage in Paddington Sydney has also sold for $1.2 million.
In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles.
The love story it tells was unknown until 2000, when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery.
More than 100 letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner, together with her secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed.
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain.
Keurig's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan said the appeal of his company's single serve coffee machine is that users can 'just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes'
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey.
They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine.
She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
Ms Gilchrist will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her two-year-old son Tommy.
Jihadis posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy.
Its presence in Yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege.
ISIS' decision to publicly execute the men hasprompted outrage in Gaza, where hundreds of furious Hamas supporters swore bloody revenge on the terror group during a march yesterday.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach.
The former Manchester United defender says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Evra left for Juventus on a free transfer last summer.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool.
Barton was commenting after West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead.
The Baggies meet again at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday.
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
The sex scene, which featured full nudity and strong sexual content, was screened in front of the appalled couple's 6-year-old twins.
Steve Smith, 52, opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent in 1990.
The venture was an overnight success and he became a millionaire.
But he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Today, he lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire, which has its own swimming pool, snooker room and pub.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool.
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'
He said: 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide'
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.
Wright's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.
When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after March 24 crash.
Woman allegedly flew to region twice after falsely claiming to be victim's cousin.
Police are investigating possible fraud and alleged culprit will be questioned.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $20,000 reward for information that leads to his arrest.
Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a kitchen knife inside the fast-food chain.
Police found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area of the Dunkin' Donuts in Hanover, Maryland, on April 12.
The woman, Patel's wife, died at the scene.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999.
Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands.
Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on her profile that they were reunited.
Customs officials have seized what is being described as a 'zoo in a suitcase'
In the bag, carried in the hold of the aircraft, there were 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub.
Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal.
A man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.
He got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom.
Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor.
Plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along runway.
Crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop.
Passengers slid down the plane's inflatable slides to safety.
Jet Airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear'
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page.
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey.
Bull sharks, along with great whites and tiger sharks, are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
Residents in Bonita Springs, Florida, say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back.
Property owners are now asking the city to designate the area for swimming only, which would outlaw fishing there.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley.
The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the Royal baby.
Barcelona beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Neymar's sister Rafaella headed to watch El Clasico of basketball.
Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division by points difference.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair.
Harry Kane is nominated for two awards, the PFA Player of the Year and Young Player Of the Year.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Kolo Toure turned up together.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea appeared in a sombre mood as he arrived at the bash.
Real London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house.
They were subject to cruel, but hilarious, pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions.
The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
Researchers in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension.
Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it has been revealed.
It is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after idea was approved by clerics.
Owner of Dutch Halal sex shop El Asira is known for its range of sensual oils.
Lee Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay, but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star.
Garlington says the two would sneak over after work, spend the night and leave the next morning.
Hudson was briefly married to Phyllis Gates from 1955 to 1958, and would have other relationships with men over the course of his life, most notably Marc Christian.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday.
Rojo and Di Maria appeared in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Manchester United and Argentina duo sealed moves to Old Trafford.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma.
Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by the dogs while jogging in July, and was'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday 7.45pm)
Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood all ruled out.
Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young both ruled out for QPR.
QPR are without Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin.
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal.
The Brazilian defender is out of contract this summer.
Manchester United and PSG are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn.
Benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on townhouse.
She has fallen out with family of late husband Robert over inheritance.
They have accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions.
Luis Figo does not believe all African nations will vote for Sepp Blatter.
The FIFA presidential candidate is in Egypt to canvass for votes.
Figo is the third challenger and the FIFA vice-president was in Zimbabwe.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed.
A fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed several collisions over three years.
He then personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers.
All of the bogus claims submitted by Smith's company were for whiplash and'soft tissue injuries'
Police uncovered Smith's plot after being alerted by First Direct insurance to the unusually high volume of claims.
More than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another.
The majority were friends or relatives of the 12 defendants, the
A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested over the incident on Thursday.
He was charged with one count of armed robbery.
The man was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
Exposure to small, sooty particles alters structure of the brain.
Microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage.
They are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in Britain.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the Premier League drop.
The Clarets are preparing for the final eight games of their survival battle.
Dyche's side travel to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat'
Duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
Pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers.
Police say both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.
She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
After the boy was born, the pair disagreed on the level of involvement he would have in his son's life, with Ms Bruce intent on raising him alone.
Roy Keane has denied committing a public order offence in an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
Keane, 43, is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Ashley Road, Altrincham, on January 30.
He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf.
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid.
Morata joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer.
The 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg and 44 per cent have no fruit.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables.
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments.
Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost.
Michael Pulman, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast.
French customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine'
The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska.
He was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
The salmon migrate up rivers during the spring to reach the breeding grounds where they were born.
The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch.
Rubi Light had the option of running Friday’s shorter Topham Chase but Hennessy said: ‘He is going to run. There is only one National'
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer.
The mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced.
Magellan started life as the Holiday, built in 1985 for Carnival Cruise Lines.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
The Official Vinyl Charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles.
Schler's actual course is unknown, but the starting point of the race are suspiciously just three blocks apart.
Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three games.
The Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion.
Gutierrez is desperate to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
Dame Sally Davies is concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition.
Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deformities.
The disease was virtually eradicated after the Second World War.
Professor Davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamins.
V. Stiviano painted two conflicting portraits of Donald Sterling, saying he was a kind, generous mentor and father figure to her but also a 'bigot' who was mean to others.
L.A. judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought.
Marc and Shanon Parker have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles.
Among them are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car.
The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday.
When he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone.
Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history.
The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground on Wednesday morning.
It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid.
Broadway Allotment Association moved to new allotments in Oldham.
Old prize-winning site bulldozed to make way for car park and football pitches.
But gardeners have complained about their new site, saying it has bad drainage and poor soil.
They are demanding that Oldham council pays out compensation for the problems.
Michael Fyson, 77, has grown fruit and veg at the old allotments for more than 10 years.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.
Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks.
Spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men's clothing.
Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after sex abuse allegations.
The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday.
Clinton's lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene.
A lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.
If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby', for the uninitiated – hitting
Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post.
Said the new laws are 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party.
Added that Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues.
Prime Minister warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest'
Mr Cameron has previously accused Ukip supporters of being 'fruitcakes and loonies'
Latest polls have put the Conservatives and Labour virtually neck and neck.
Hein Verbruggen has written to all UCI board members saying he has put the'scandalously biased' report into the hands of lawyers.
The former head of international cycling has also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals.
He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots.
The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger branded the obsession with Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'
Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Wenger is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011.
Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
The previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, New York on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack.
Siddiqui befriended Samir Khan, an American citizen, in 2006, three years before he left the U.S. for Yemen and started Al Qaeda magazine Inspire.
Khan had published several articles in Inspire, including a DIY bomb-making guide apparently used by Boston bombers Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe.
The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household.
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals against PSG on Wednesday night.
Former England boss Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back'
Jamie Redknapp also admitted that Luiz can be a liability but Thierry Henry questioned the player's fitness.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers.
Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer.
The ship's naming ceremony will take place on April 20 at the 101 at Southampton Docks, which is its home port.
Passengers with a head for heights can try out the North Star aerial observatory, a glass capsule observatory and even a virtual skydiving machine.
Madonna, 56, kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night.
The Rebel Heart singer spent at least three seconds making out with him.
Drake looked horrified, even wiping his mouth.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel to push it higher into orbit.
The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April.
It is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi.
The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
New England Patriots will host Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10.
Week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys.
Seattle Seahawks will visit the Green Bay Packers in week two.
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running a budget deficit.
State will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax.
Projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate annual deficit.
Floyd Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight.
Mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call.
There was sympathy for Freddie Roach in his battle with Parkinson's disease.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare.
The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance.
Photographer Jeff Gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names: 731 Australians, 339 British, 55 Americans, a handful of French and Canadians and 662 others.
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years.
The chart-topper's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks.
Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm.
A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials said.
Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames.
Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour.
This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders the lead.
But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery in Chicago on Tuesday.
Cantu and his business partner Katie McGowan met while he was working at Chicago restaurant Charlie Trotter's.
Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year.
Last month, investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu in court papers of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat.
Extra Storage Space video has been viewed 600,000 times.
It features new parents sharing their tips on how to cope with a new baby.
They include making room for date nights and getting on a schedule.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012.
Officer Forsyth was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged.
The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C)stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
It is not known who fired the fatal shots.
Sidonie, a well-known Spanish band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain.
The group, who posted the performance video to Facebook and Youtube, explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants.
Ryanair, however, wasn't as impressed with the band's performance.
A reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station.
No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past.
Authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute.
Senior police officers have raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement.
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions'
But Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night.
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had the yellow fever vaccine in April 2011.
He was reduced to a sweating, shivering wreck, gripped by a fever.
It took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down.
Malcolm spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions.
But he believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The striker's treble was his first in two years.
Villa are three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa.
Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday morning.
BBC claimed plate read H982 FKL was an 'unhappy coincidence'
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people'
She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure, having been inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place.
With the help and support of his mother Christine, Dorian, who was then nine years old, sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure in back in January 2013.
The bear has circled the globe and then some, continuing to share his vital message, while inviting the world to join in with his journey.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured the product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter, 96.
Townsend became angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business.
Retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter’s address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories, and 'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' when the child was born.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais.
Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
Rangers drew 1-1 with Scottish Championship strugglers Livingston on Saturday.
Stuart McCall's side are four points behind Hibernian in the play-offs.
But Hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game in hand with Mark Burchill's Livingston.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over.
He tweeted: ‘Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this'
Comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing Tories’ economic record.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding with intent to injure four women.
A woman, 47, has claimed Hansen 'grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums'
Hansen's lawyer said the woman had not objected to Hansen extracting her teeth with pliers.
Diet pills thought to have killed six young people in Britain are being sold online.
Drug contains toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives.
Most recent victim of the chemical 2,4-Dinitrophenol is Eloise Aimee Parry, 21.
She died this month after buying it online to slim down – despite being a normal weight.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the summit of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
A letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council outlines their plan for victory parade on May 25.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday.
The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations.
Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending.
13 U.S. senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea.
The lead signers were Senator Robert Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the foreign relations panel's Europe subcommittee.
England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996.
Radamel Falcao has failed to score since January 31 against Leicester.
The Colombian has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League.
Falcao's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for Manchester United.
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL before she was chosen to start in the league next year.
She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013.
Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter said.
The lion got its head stuck in a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.
The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches into the barrel too far and gets it head stuck.
Reacting in panic the lion jumps backwards and attempts to flick the barrel from its head as the other lions chase after it.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back.
Saints defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
Clyne has started England's last four matches, including Euro 2016 qualifiers against Slovenia and Lithuania.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, robbed Stanley Evans, 93, in the entrance to his block of flats in Soho, central London.
He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping, but instead snatched his wallet and knocked Mr Evans to the ground.
The pensioner was left lying in the flats for ten minutes after the attack.
Bygraves has 21 convictions for 49 offences, including three robberies and a history of drug misuse and mental health issues.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house on Wednesday.
She was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.
The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
The property, in north west London, has'superb views' over a London park.
It was one of five properties the successful property developer bought.
Couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Saudi Arabia.
But after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes.
Despite her husband's attempts to evict her from the home, the wife has now been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement.
Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall.
When given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table.
The babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships.
The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council.
Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.
Two years on, the joey has become so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs Lilly and Rosie that the Stewart's are convinced he actually thinks he is a dog too.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market.
No women appear in any of the photos.
ISIS recently published new images of their latest 'graduates' from a terror camp.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Their case was escalated to a matter of 'national security'
Their wife Valerie had written to David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case.
She raised concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday.
The 27-year-old has not been suspended by Sunderland despite the charges.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has insisted it was not a difficult decision to include Johnson in his squad for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to Stoke.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.
He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above.
At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat, which turned out to be untrue.
The Championships opening day has been moved to Monday.
Racegoers were disappointed to find an empty track at Randwick Racecourse.
The $10 million program has been switched to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event.
Ticket-holders who won't be able to make Monday's event will be offered the option of receiving a refund.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise, Florida posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.
The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
Martina Riccioni and Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday.
The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene.
Her family in Italy cannot afford to bring her body home to Italy.
They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in Spain.
Her remains were found in a cave stained in sparkling red paint in 2010.
Researchers found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth.
They also found her teeth bore little signs of decay, suggesting she ate few carbohydrates.
The study provides the oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans.
North Sentinel Island belongs to India and remains an enigma, despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years.
It is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders, meaning they are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video.
To protect the Sentinelese people - and visitors - the Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone.
Sisters Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me'
The sisters are releasing a 'how-to' book titled #howtolive.
The girls are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs'
Chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank after hitting iceberg.
It was found bobbing on surface of Atlantic by crew of Mackay-Bennett.
Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port.
One was given by crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the ship.
Owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as display item.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts.
But the Englishman admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with bamboo sticks.
The couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s.
Huang lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985.
Guiyi became the eyes for both of them when Huang was infected.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends.
The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called 'glory days'
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals 12 years after final heartbreak.
Gianluigi Buffon's side were knocked out by Fulham in 2010.
The Bianconeri were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's matchfixing scandal.
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison.
He allegedly conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter.
When asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed that he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter.
Police now say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park so that he could prey on their children
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence.
It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights.
Keane did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court today.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire.
Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin.
The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney.
Sanders subsequently withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter being disbanded.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
The on-loan Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is undroppable.
Sjaak Rijke freed after French special forces raid in far north of Mali.
Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 along with two others.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed.
But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene.
The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning.
A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner, which led to Calvin's arrest.
Calvin was arrested and booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday.
This thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN.
Zaslav received $33million in 2013, with $22.5million of that also coming from stock awards.
The amount is far, far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year, Sumner Redstone and Les Moonves.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday.
Grizzlies moved level with Houston atop the Southwest Division, both trailing Golden State, which has already sealed the conference title.
San Antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the No 2 playoff seed by routing Denver.
Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams.
University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
Documents presented to senior tutors say the university is ‘being forced’ into changing its system of using AS-levels to assess applicants.
Deputy Prime Minister insists he will fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
David Luiz has been ruled out for at least four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The PSG defender suffered the injury in Sunday's 3-2 win at Marseille.
Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo on Wednesday.
Survey found 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely.
In comparison, 43 per cent said they wished they had more friends.
Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on This Morning to discuss the issue.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago.
The pigment and tombstone has led researchers to speculate she was a person of status or authority and was buried in such a way to oversee her subjects.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013.
Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people.
It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents.
Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
Manchester United have put forward an opening £21.5million bid for Mats Hummels.
The German defender is valued at £35million by Dortmund.
Dortmund are keen to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their captain.
David Cameron and the Tories are predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote.
Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Lib Dems expected to get 13.5 per cent, slightly ahead of UKIP.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark.
He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
1.02million men in the UK have opted to work reduced hours.
This compares to 4.58million women who more commonly work part-time.
It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts.
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
On Sunday, on his fourth day on the run Jake Castner said 'we don't talk to police!'
Clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind.
She also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a'stalled out' U.S. recovery.
13-year-old boy allegedly killed a male teacher and injured four others.
Attack took place at Joan Fuster Institue in Barcelona at 9.15am this morning.
He is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill.
Witnesses said he had been late for class and shot and injured female teacher.
Boy is undergoing psychiatric examination and will not face criminal charges.
Ander Herrera has scored seven goals without having to look at the ball.
Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa without looking at Brad Guzan.
The 25-year-old joined Manchester United for £29million in the summer.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences.
The robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator.
It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
Amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, thought to be in Pakistan but charged with manslaughter by gross negligence.
Dr Errol Cornish, 67, also accused of corporate manslaughter.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to second son Giacomo.
Labour leader Ed Miliband read from motivational notes during leaders' clash.
His cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive'
He urges himself to'stay calm, never agitated' and'relish the chance to show who I am'
His scrawled notes, found in his dressing room after the ITV debate, give an insight into his mindset before the clash.
Joyce Kuhl claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools.
She claims staff are forced to paint them with black zinc oxide to disguise injuries.
Suit details allegations of forced breeding, incestuous inbreeding and whales kept together in ways that make them hyper-aggressive.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer.
Abu-Jama was hospitalized last week for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes.
The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system.
Lance Futch, 26, was shocked on Friday when his meeting with a Federal White House official about jobs for veterans turned out to be with President Obama.
'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman, referring his dress uniform.
Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute.
The Hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following Middlesbrough's victory at Norwich on Friday.
Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday.
Beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans.
There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers.
They are most often identified by their songs, which they use to navigate.
The mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula.
But the song belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray’s Beaked whale, according to the study.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Asteroid 2014 UR116 is due to pass by the moon in 2017.
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.
Scientists determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site.
This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Ellie Harrison, 37, has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood'
But the mother-of-two said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
She said that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you'
Anais Zanotti, 30, first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her.
Now the brunette has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim.
She teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes safely.
Andrew Odell tweeted Aldi a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white loaf of bread.
He said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket.
When Aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch and that the couple were 'extremely upset'
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Sun spots range hugely in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet.
Marine Le Pen accused her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments.
The 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
Mr Le Pen was quoted as calling France's Spanish-born Prime Minister Manuel Valls 'the immigrant' and defending Philippe Petain, leader of the war-time government that cooperated with Nazi Germany.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the Premier League.
Louis van Gaal has put the 22-year-old forward on his list of targets.
United have held talks with Burnley and are able to agree a fee and pre-contract with Ings to ensure a transfer in the summer.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.
Pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him.
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus.
She was on a shopping trip with her daughter Olivia, eight, in Swansea.
Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but she managed to push her daughter to safety.
Hundreds of police officers lined the roads in a guard of honour at her funeral.
Her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes.
Australian home cook Lyndey Milan has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.
The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
For dessert, Lyndey says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
'Kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate the virus by stimulating the immune system - the body's natural defence mechanism - with a vaccine.
Scientists believe injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick'
This allows a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.
The theory is based on a single patient case study.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion.
But when the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar.
The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end.
The Spaniard left McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year.
Alonso says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
The Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed.
It comes after the head of Ofsted warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson go out in penultimate group on Friday.
World No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71.
McIlroy finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host wore a frown as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday.
On her show she said, 'He was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him'
Dr Brandt, 65, was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016.
Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - 'Fit for the Future'
This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures.
The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple.
Lydia is a full time blogger, she often shares pictures of her stylish outfits.
Ali is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition – a range of sports nutrition products.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
The former Chelsea boss said he expects to be in the Spanish capital for at least another year.
Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah.
Kipsiro raised allegations with authorities in his native Uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners; some as young as 15.
The 28-year-old said he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2012.
Skateboarding is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding.
40 per cent of Skateistan's students are female; the girls can also join a back-to-school program.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
She was spurred into action after reading a friend's Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm.
Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in Manchester.
He and a colleague got into difficulties battling the fire started on July 13, 2013.
The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.
She was initially charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal in Madrid.
The Atletico Madrid striker had zero shots on or off target and completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes.
Atletico have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink proved a great striker for Atletico in 1999, and Christian Vieri the year before.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed their biggest CV peeves.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.
Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and contact details.
New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs.
Account was started by Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages.
The account's tagline is: 'These dudes with dogs will make you drool more than man's best friend'
Britons spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe.
Almost a fifth would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same thing online.
Men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender, spending an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety, as opposed to women’s £53.50.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births.
Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
He went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies, only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies.
Now the town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR.
The 19-year-old saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final four.
Grealish says Tim Sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia just a day before his death.
The father of two and grandfather had taught special education and social studies at the school for the past eight years.
Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday.
He described the attack by a female passenger to 'being stung by bees... owww!'
The woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of Chicago.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff.
The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s.
Professional golfer Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines.
He was en route to the Master's golf tournament in Georgia this week.
But his golf clubs did not arrive and he was sent home six hours later.
Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams have also complained.
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and custom staff lunch room.
Staff are not allowed to sit at their desks when they're having lunch as they believe the great ideas don't always come from sitting in front of a computer.
The Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice.
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
National Counterterrorism Center advisory group expected to recommend radical shift in US hostage policy.
The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
Family of US contractor Warren Weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices.
His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin, Northern Territory.
The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter, similar to the Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012.
Harry will hang up his fatigues and, after attending official functions in Perth and Sydney, is expected to return to Britain.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts must build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.
The Typhoon itself is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'
This helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile.
Lancashire-based BAE Systems
The 29-year-old woman was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car.
Officers broke the front passenger window of the white Toyota Innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door.
The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a United supporter.
United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place.
Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the Etihad.
Princess Salwa Aga Khan has given birth to her first child, a boy named Irfan.
The baby was born in Geneva last Saturday and both mother and child are doing well.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of American royal wives.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton.
In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make — and a new pop-up shop in Pennsylvania is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap to charge its female customers lower prices than its male visitors.
Less Than 100 sells ceramics, art, and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers.
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint.
The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night.
Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their Fall River home in 1892.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Finn is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Raikkonen was reeling in team-mate Sebastian Vettel at the time.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Open final.
The Serbian became the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events.
Djokovic was on court for almost three hours as he overcame the Czech.
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe the EOssc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities'
The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself.
It is designed to link with others to from a kind a connected convoy that can save energy over long distances - such as on motorways or as a car-sharing scheme.
The car has a top speed of 40mph (65 km/h) and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a L
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Russian side Zenit St Petersburg.
Arshavin will be released along with Ukraine midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk.
The 33-year-old spent four years at Arsenal between 2009 and 2013.
The European Space Agency also recently released a trove ofimages captured by the Rosetta probe during its long journey to Comet 67P/ Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
They include images of Earth and Mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ‘gravity assist manoeuvres’ in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet.
Colombian forward Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0.
Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer on Sunday.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Monday.
Eliaquim Mangala was on the bench but never made it off the bench.
Glenn Murray scored Palace's first goal four years ago.
Nicola Sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage, addressing a nationwide audience of Britons, rather than just the usual five million Scots.
Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive.
'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple.
After the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.
He's also funded by his church, where the head Buddhist Priest Fukumitsu funds his costume and bike.
The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
University is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
Suit comes as colleges across the country are under increased scrutiny for how they respond to allegations of sexual assault.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton.
The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke.
He told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway.
Marcus stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and he was rescued along with his sister.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Adelaide Strikers.
The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011.
Gillespie has signed a two-year deal with the South Australian franchise.
Labour leader's plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors.
Property analysts said move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'
Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land.
Cyclist Bionerd visited Chernobyl on April 26, 1986, 29 years after the disaster.
The site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for 20,000 years.
Bionerd says she has exposed herself to more radiation going into hospital and swimming in the sea.
She says the most scared she's felt was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned, dilapidated buildings.
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug.
Rother District Council said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug'
Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff, and has vowed to steam clean the hotel.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history.
She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015.
Rahmani and her family have received death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game after John Terry's challenge on Radamel Falcao.
Sky Sports pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed that play should have been stopped.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning.
He had been at Monta Vista High School for about 80 hours before returning home.
Police and volunteers had been searching for him for four days.
They learned that he had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus.
Sullivan said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round in 2006.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in the incident.
Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance.
Smith insists that was not the case.
Mesut Ozil was at his brilliant best against Liverpool on Saturday.
Ozil set up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history.
The German star is worth paying to watch when at his best.
Eden Hazard is the most relaxed player I've ever played with.
He is the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special.
It's tough at Toon, even for the best... It's a good job Alan Pardew was doing.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials.
The video shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Glen Walford, 75, has been fighting Worcestershire County Council for two years.
The theatre director intended to retire to the house in Stourport-on-Severn.
But a judge ruled that the house was not her home at the time.
Now the council has won the right to force her to use the equity in the house for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund.
The winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury.
Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder Odin Lloyd.
But not about a separate 2013 incident in which Bradley contends Hernandez shot him in the face.
The murder weapon in the case has not been recovered, but prosecutors have said it was a black Glock pistol.
Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's marijuana dealer before they became friends, described the football star as a 'chain smoker' who bought the drug in quantities of up to 4 ounces at a time.
During questioning before testifying
Tom McTevia, 42, was left without the use of his legs following another ATV accident 11 years ago.
He was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday.
When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue.
A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Bollaert earned about $900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $30,000 from victims.
Four young sisters were taken from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night and forced back to Italy.
The story was that their mother had taken them from their home in Italy on a 'vacation' and never returned, claiming the girls' father Tomaso was an abuser.
Laura Garrett has consistently maintained that she was removing her daughters from Italy back to Australia for their own safety.
Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad and interview the two elder girls.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services.
The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Real Madrid are desperate to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea.
But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate.
De Gea's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016.
Chelsea's Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Lionel Messi's injury dominates in Sport, while in Italy there is more news on Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison.
She admitted killing six of her children, then stashing their bodies in garage.
Huntsman, a meth addict, told police she started killing when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them.
Her estranged husband Darren West, who previously served time in prison, is not considered a suspect in their deaths.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning.
The Venezuelan athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt.
After sharing their story with a Perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.
Thanks to Shannon Mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years, that dream could soon be a reality.
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes.
Forest manager Dougie Freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in March.
Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons.
Hull City currently sit fourth-bottom of the Premier League.
Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries slashed.
The Tigers have the third-lowest total wage bill in the league.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
Ricky Hatton believes PacMan has the style to beat Mayweather.
Hatton says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives PacMan a huge advantage.
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss.
The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it.
In the note, the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret'
Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked'
Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and died on Sunday morning.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever happened happened in the back of the van'
Six officers have been
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
Roldan says he kept two young women locked up as sex slaves in his basement.
During the three years she was with Castro, he kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry.
Castro was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher.
One of her alleged victims has previously testified that the charges against Altice are 'ridiculous' and'she doesn't deserve to be here'
Julie McKenzie, 53, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.
But she felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active.
She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan.
The radiographer spotted a tumour in her coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches.
The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe'
The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night.
Celtic face Aberdeen at Pittodrie on Sunday, May 10.
The Scottish Premiership leaders could win the title if both teams win all their games beforehand.
Ronny Deila's side could win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
Despite national earnings, living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness, particularly obesity.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their son Grayden.
He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia.
Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues.
At this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting.
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.
The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago.
Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker all played for England this week.
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend.
On Friday, five days after the shooting, the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together.
Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in next few days.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000.
On one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment.
Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection; testing the level of lactate; giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt.
Cole wrote to his 185,000-plus followers: 'Saturday night.. Great company great team mates. #MUFC'
Cole, Giggs, Neville, Butt and Cole all represented United during Sir Alex Ferguson's greatest season at Old Trafford.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14.
The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici.
The Reading stopper allowed Alexis Sanchez's shot to slip through his body in extra-time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral says many youngsters fail to string sentence together.
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Admiral says spelling and grammar on application form should be of a certain standard.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber.
Labour rival Theo Blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors.
Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted proceedings to tell him off.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car.
It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights'
It was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week.
The car was developed in Shanghai by GM’s Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre (PATAC) joint venture.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored for the Red Devils.
Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match.
Neville believes it was the Old Trafford outfit's worst performance in five or six weeks.
Christopher Furniss-Roe was sent to bed early for breaking his younger sister's bucket.
His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day.
Coroner ruled it was a tragic accident and said he was looking for'sympathy'
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer.
The couple settled on a venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa, is roughly 3.7 million years old.
It lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent.
The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses.
But after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.
Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month.
Daniel Sturridge has played just 12 league games this season.
The England international has been plagued by a hip problem.
Brendan Rodgers wants to sign a striker who can 'play every week'
Liverpool face Manchester City at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The Germany international has been on Manchester United's list of targets for some time.
Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending his stay.
Elia Viviani was involved in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs.
The Italian hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground.
Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up in the race.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.
The 21-year-old revealed he encountered racism as a youngster.
Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan.
She was admitted with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia.
Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation.
About ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer.
Detectives investigating Hatton Garden gem heist missed crucial CCTV, it is claimed.
'crystal clear' footage handed into Metropolitan Police by worker 50ft from crime scene.
Worker had reportedly contacted 101 on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid.
But police raced to obtain the CCTV once report was made, despite claims it is the best footage yet.
Comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday four days before the raid was discovered.
Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 1-0 to clinch the Premier League title.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League.
Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four.
Bristol City were crowned League One champions after goalless draw against Coventry.
Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition.
Samantha Cameron visited Growing Zone project in Kippax, West Yorkshire.
She was persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand, which is being reconditioned and brought back into use by the volunteers and children.
Mrs Cameron joined her husband on a whistlestop tour of the UK, visiting Scotland, Wales, England and Northern Ireland in a single day.
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend.
Alexis Sanchez puts Arsenal 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates.
Jermain Defoe's volley against Newcastle earned Sunderland three points.
Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea also made the list.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe.
She published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane.
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis which flipped.
Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit.
He had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before deciding on a selfie.
Men are happy only on their fourth try, survey finds.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.
Looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves.
Erica Ginnetti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Ginnetti had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra.
In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence.
Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
Two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon south London - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with two neighbouring properties.
Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there.
Two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map.
Poppy Smart, 23, was whistled at by builders on her walk to work.
But the marketing co-ordinator began to get upset after a month.
After a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site, she decided she'd had enough – and called the police.
She compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk in Worcester city centre an 'awful experience'
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday.
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events in Arizona this week.
Phelps was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
The 18-time Olympic gold medallist ended his two-year retirement in 2014.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Fabian Delph scored the only goal of the game in the 54th minute.
Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the final next month.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by sister.
Gillian Owens claims she used to cut the heads off her sister's dolls.
The 44-year-old has denied the claims, saying: 'I'm not proud of it... but I've changed. My niece's have never come to any harm'
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis.
The 14-year-old playmaker rejected a move to Barcelona's academy when he was 12.
Manuel Pellegrini is looking to build for the future by snapping up hot property.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI wrecks in Houston.
The 34-year-old is also accused of crashing into another car carrying a woman and a toddler.
He allegedly dozed off behind the wheel and didn't wake up until another driver honked at him to get his attention.
That is when he ran the red light at the intersection of Lockwood and the East Freeway and slammed into Cynthia Medrano's Honda, killing her son.
Boudre
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with golf superstar Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers.
The 30-year-old has been dating Woods since 2013 and has become close with his children.
Vonn has credited Woods with helping her overcome a knee injury that kept her out of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people.
This left them vulnerable when companies start'shedding' jobs.
A third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification.
The Duke of York made his first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out.
The 55-year-old smiled broadly as he chatted to employees at the paint firm.
He has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with Virginia Roberts.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits.
Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda eight times.
She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail.
He asked her to 'get my things together' before for his trial, court heard.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Foxes are now just three points behind Hull City in the table.
Nigel Pearson's side have a game in hand over their survival rivals.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop.
Club's chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina to rubber-stamp the deal.
Romero's agents and his club Velez both own stakes in the player.
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
Experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
The heat blasting from the 'ring of fire' has been measured at 792C.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia.
The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics.
Zara welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.
She admitted disposing of boyfriend Justin Robertson's shoes.
He had been paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover.
Robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on the Spanish coast.
Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up.
When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious.
She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystander.
Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, harassed them.
They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset.
Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up.
He was caught on a covert camera fiddling with the gate's lock.
But on Friday the case against Mr Phillips was dismissed.
Mr Phillips was handed a three-year restraining order by magistrates in Bournemouth.
Cremated human bones found at the side of the River Walbrook, in London.
Experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony.
About 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in sediment of historic tributary.
It had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded.
But new evidence suggests otherwise, and they could be Boudicca's rebels.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie.
Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound.
Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.
In Ukraine, Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden.
The group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar.
The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.
He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine'
Russell shares his tips for wowing winos with your knowledge.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries.
It explains why many Canadian airport codes begin with the letter Y.
Omega Airport in Namibia has the somewhat hilarious code of OMG.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion.
Visitors to the site are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food that does not come from outside the zone.
However, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels.
Despite the ban on all non-essential workers from living in the zone, wildlife in the area - including foxes - has been thriving.
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring for the Bundesliga leaders.
Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time.
Bayern opened a 13-point lead over second-placed VfL Wolfsburg.
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight.
Built between 1867 and 1880, it was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy.
It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site, before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon.
The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
Three of the fighters were grappling, while a fourth came in and slapped them.
PM visited Pirate FM in Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans for southwest.
He was presented with Cornish t-shirts emblazoned with 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
Mr Cameron said it was nice to have a night without the children waking him up.
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine, revealed that she often spent nights with 'one of her friends'
Hailey has been friends with Kendall Jenner since she was starting out; both models have famous last names.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham in 1995.
He said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed the decision was correct.
Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row.
Jannik Andersen, 23, was hit by train in Indio, California, on Saturday.
He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on Monday.
It remains unclear why Andersen was on train tracks instead of at festival.
On Monday, friends paid tribute to student, who attended Coachella.
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City.
Arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off.
Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban.
He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped.
His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington, D.C., metro system by two men who leaped down after him.
The rescuers sprang into action after seeing the man's wheelchair unexpected roll over the lip of the platform on Tuesday afternoon.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
The US-born thrill-seeker has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
He shared the moment he flew over what he's described as an 'amazing and beautiful location' on social media.
Mummies were found in the crypt of the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary.
They were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis.
Scientists found 14 strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies.
All of the strains belonged to a lineage of Tuberculosis bacteria known as Lineage 4, which still causes more than a million TB cases a year in Europe and America.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style'
They had been celebrating a football game in their garage on Wednesday.
But moments after waving goodbye, they were both shot dead at close range.
They were found by David's wife, Nicholas's mother, who had been in a bedroom.
Police have arrested 18-year-old Haraqyon Degruy and her friend Dexter Allen.
Initial reports suggest it could have been a botched armed burglary.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the city.
Super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs.
Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City.
The Argentine scored the Premier League title-winning goal against QPR in 2012.
Manuel Pellegrini's future is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign.
Jimmy Anderson has been motivated to play 100 Tests for England.
The Lancastrian says he has never forgotten being marginalised.
Anderson makes his landmark appearance in Antigua on Monday.
Addison Russell, 21, was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning.
He accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers while trying to catch a fastball.
The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half.
Marius Zaliukas doubled Rangers' lead with a clever back-header.
Stuart McCall's side moved one point clear of Hibs in second place.
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president.
On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet as it burns up more than 9,180 gallons of fuel.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter Taliya Richardson.
Tiya was found unresponsive at home in Ocala, Florida, last Thursday.
Evans initially told police that she had left her two children, ages 9 and 3 months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman's boyfriend.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found.
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013.
The police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence, and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers.
Ali Williams scored a late try for Toulon in their Champions Cup quarter-final win over Wasps on Sunday.
Wasps were the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe’s premier event over a punishing weekend.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, on A34 in Walsall.
Dad-of-one arranged for her to be driven past billboard by her boss.
The 20ft-tall 30ft-wide poster featured pictures of the couple from their relationship.
Hairdresser Tara was shocked when her car pulled up and got down on one knee.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank.
He films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass.
A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
The video concludes with the victim asking what it was that caused him the pain.
Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool.
Fellaini followed David Moyes to Old Trafford in the summer of 2013.
The Belgium international is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks.
He raps 'In France deeds were done, in Germany the sleepers are waiting'
This follows reports that British police have raised security levels.
Anzac Day, which takes place on April 25, honours Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in war.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm when their tires got stuck in the sand.
Reece said that the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked, but within a few minutes it had already reached so far up that it was hitting their car.
The tires sunk into the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at 8pm on Thursday.
The fight was always going to take place at the Grand Garden Arena.
But the fight is now expected to generate half-billion dollars.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted with the result.
Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' frustration.
Christian Benteke scored the winner for Villa.
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring during PSG's win over Marseille.
Brazilian defender will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie.
PSG currently sit top of the pile in France just one point ahead of Lyon.
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years.
He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt'
He pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists.
The Carlton Tavern in Maida Vale, west London, was demolished without warning.
It was the only building in its road not destroyed by bombs during the Blitz.
Landlady Patsy Lord returned two days later to find it was no longer standing.
She said: 'It is heart breaking. There was no warning'
Sarah Brady was the wife of a former White House spokesman and a tireless anti-assault weapon activist.
She was the chairperson of the Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor.
Mrs Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981.
The Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, named after the couple and passed in 1993, has blocked an estimated two million prohibited gun purchases in the United States.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon.
Despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham Hotspur need to keep pace with Harry Kane.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Spurs this season.
Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back For Dinner.
Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
Insects are seen as a solution to meet the demands of food supply.
Arsenal have opted against an extended pre-season trip.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season.
Chelsea are also set to travel abroad after the current campaign finishes.
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled in face by pet dog.
Alaskan Malamute crossed with Siberian Huskey at home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire.
Family heard screams and ran to find dog 'gripping' toddler by her head.
They wrestled animal free but toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to face and skull.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, fell from the deck after her punt hit another boat in Cambridge.
She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.
Kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic, who was carrying their first child, while filming at Sydney's Restaurant Balzac in 2004.
Looking back, Kemp says he regrets treating his ex-wife that way.
The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from an inner-city Sydney penthouse.
Three years after the theft, police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property.
All of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found.
The artworks were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and have been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world.
The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering.
Wenger is informed that the story was an April fools' joke and no basis of truth to it.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications.
He says he has been forced to go it alone and is now planning to set up his own business.
Mr Body Art has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings.
The Dalny Vostok trawler sank in the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.
The ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
No cause for the sinking has been given but the Interfax news agency said drifting ice in the chilly Pacific waters may have played a role.
Chinese traffic police released CCTV footage of the unusual stunt.
The unidentified man is seen calmly driving alongside the pedestrian pavement.
He is carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions.
Winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days.
The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
Residents in Victoria and Queensland are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehslet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth.
The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone.
Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
No trace of the duo has been found.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison.
Santana strangled and strangled his roommate Shelby Fazio, 23, before having sex with her corpse in October last year.
He then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did'
The panel took just two hours to deliberate on Thursday, and the victim's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down.
Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta.
Kane scored on his full international debut against Lithuania.
Pochettino says he will be there to help Kane when things don't go to plan.
England boss Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for Under 21s.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday.
The midfielder tore his thigh muscle in September and was days away from returning in February.
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
The 56-page document is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript.
It was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School in Buckinghamshire.
Turing wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking HQ in 1942.
They paved the way for computer science and helped break the Enigma code.
The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend Robin Gandy.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts.
On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe.
Images reveal China has built airstrip on disputed territory in South China Sea.
The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim Fiery Cross Reef.
Images reveal the airstrip has been transformed into an artificial island.
They follow equally disturbing photographs released earlier this month showing a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto another island.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire.
She returned to find it looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast, blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof.
Police have launched an investigation to determine what caused the blast, but are not treating it as suspicious.
The video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and Johnny Debnam, a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover.
Mr Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia.
The majestic stingray swum over him three times, enveloping him under his body as he glided on top.
Mick Schumacher will make his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series this weekend.
The 16-year-old will follow in the footsteps of his father, Michael, who won a record 91 races in Formula 1.
Schumacher Jnr will drive under his own name for the first time in his career.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Anfield on Saturday.
Allen has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth.
The midfielder admits the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house.
Each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts.
His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs.
At least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013.
Even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'
The request was denied for an unknown reason.
Fabricio Coloccini will be stripped of the club captaincy this summer.
Daryl Janmaat will be given the honour during the summer with Carver labelling him as 'outstanding'
The Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld — or ‘Daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet.
The starlet has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram.
Bath Abbey could have the world's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in Roman drains.
The Abbey, which lies at the heart of Britain's only World Heritage city, was granted planning permission for the unique £18million scheme two years ago.
Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011.
He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping.
But CCTV showed that nobody had approached him and he was sectioned.
Inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself and was repeatedly punched.
Mr Burrell died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham.
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup.
The former World No 1 was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team.
Hingis has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's Olympics.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes.
Footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool.
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery for Autograph.
The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, models her new summer sleepwear collection.
Rosie is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video.
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield.
In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character.
So instead, Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems.
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary.
The authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata have all improved this season.
Avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of climbers.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
The identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury.
The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer.
Tuilagi's last appearance in an England shirt was during the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
The six-year-old has already endured 20 blood transfusions, and will likely undergo more in the future.
Cristiano Ronaldo puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick.
Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez doubles the lead in the 31st minute.
Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free kick in over a year.
Real Madrid have now scored 16 goals from direct set-pieces this season.
Nathaniel Clyne is yet to agree a new contract at Southampton.
The England right-back is in talks with his representatives over an extension.
Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Norfolk in 2005.
They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.
But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping onto their neighbour's farmland.
Lisa reveals how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook, over her dogs trespassing on his property.
It began with their first dog - a Labrador called Ruby - who the family got shortly after moving into their new home.
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong last month.
The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
He is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last month's knife attack.
Franco Di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen this season.
Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows the Argentine well.
Di Santo previously played for Chelsea but struggled to make an impact at Stamford Bridge.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful view of the Earth's land mass.
Scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster.
An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around the capital, Kathmandu.
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species to follow the lunar cycle.
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects.
They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
When a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, pollen it's carrying is used to fertilise the seed.
Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award for March.
The 20-year-old scored three goals in impressive victories against Sunderland and Chelsea.
He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle on Friday night.
Her sandals remained in the footwell of her car, where she was shot.
The exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood.
Mahmud was a well-known activist who ran a small tech company.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton this season.
The left back has also forced his way back into the England squad.
Bertrand's side travel to Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 Championship goals for Middlesbrough.
Bamford is hoping to help Aitor Karanka's side get promoted to the Premier League.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California.
Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful.
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
YouTube star Cassey Ho, 28, has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video.
In the video, she combats the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse her of being everything from 'too fat' to 'ugly'
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in February 2013.
They had all but given up hope of ever finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark.
Mr Roark was invited to serve as the couple's 'padrino de anillo' or 'godfather of the ring' for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bjorn Ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance.
The venue is scheduled to open in January 2016, and is a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play.
Musical will include all the ABBA classics from the show, and a couple of ones not featured.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
This is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today.
David Cameron will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money because they ‘know best’ how it should be spent.
He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘crackpot Government schemes’
Sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone.
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his players.
The Black Cats were beaten 4-1 by Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it.
Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock, who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy.
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil banners.
Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site.
They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled.
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis'
The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Locals from the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s 3-2 win over Germany.
The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.
Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago.
But the 'investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid.
It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up cash.
The delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers' Alliance.
Omar Hussain, 27, regularly posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani.
Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.
In his latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post'
James Gregoire, 54, died following a late-night brawl in Clacton, Essex.
Suspect, 21, arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am this morning.
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the 54-year-old victim.
Police have closed off a large area of the town centre while forensic officers conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in January.
The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and brother Rudi, 22.
Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town.
An audio recording of the emergency phone call made by Henri seems to reveal him 'giggling' as he explains the details of the bloody massacre.
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family.
Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit.
She was ill and had stopped off to recover from the 7.9-magnitude quake.
Holden said there was a possibility her sister had been airlifted from mountain.
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates.
A suitor, played by Sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
Each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in Riverdale.
The programme is designed to help those in the early to moderate stages of dementia.
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
The future of zero-hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs, with Labour pledging to ban exploitative deals.
Michael Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory in Arizona.
The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming.
Phelps will miss this summer's World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Dustin Johnson has the chance to prove he can match yardage off the tee.
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge.
Paul Casey is the most likely to join Rory McIlroy and get into contention come Sunday afternoon.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit.
The robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
Tottenham are pressing ahead with talks over a bumper new contact.
Nabil Bentaleb's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
Tottenham want to improve his contract as a reward for his excellent progress.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display against St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI.
Trott was the only casualty of the day for England and had to be almost dragged from the crease when he was eventually caught at short leg.
Woman was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block.
Police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment.
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm.
He held on to her arm as she appeared to be pushing herself away.
She was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window.
Hartlepool United fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for their League Two fixture against Carlisle United on Saturday 2 May.
Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who might decide to 'black up'
Jamaican reggae artist Marley was a multi-million-selling artist famed for his music and as a Rastafarian for his dreadlocked look.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year.
The hackers reportedly accessed President Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive information.
In October 2014, the White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office.
A six-month investigation into the breach reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin's government.
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman.
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending.
The letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs.
County officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
Video shows masked fighters carrying AK-47s, machine guns and grenade launcher.
They announce that they have established a 'caliphate' in the country.
The group, Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen, began to emerge late last year.
It is believed that their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)
Last month, ISIS claimed responsibility for a series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks at two mosques in the Houthi-controlled capital of Sanaa.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate.
In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes.
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated.
Environment Agency says it has a legal duty to protect voles as an endangered species.
A Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test.
It detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $249 (£167)
It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCa2, along with 17 other markers.
All of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
The company behind the test, Color Genomics, was founded by Elad Gil and Otman Laraki.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff in the Carling Cup three years ago.
Steven Gerrard, Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson, Philippe Coutinho and Mario Balotelli all started in the Champions League.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year.
The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach.
Rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour.
A day before her last chemotherapy treatment, her mother gave birth to her second child, Skylah.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg marched out in almost identical uniforms.
They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline.
Only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
After falling back in surprise, she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting: 'Oh my God'
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma last year.
The mother-of-two is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family.
She has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell.
Her oncologist, Professor David Thomas, said he believes the treatment might work for her, and others in a similar situation.
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday.
Kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn massacre where 148 people were killed, but did not arrive until just before 2pm.
Al-Shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in Kenya since April 2013.
Dark.Cyanide, 18, climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings, without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges.
Many of the teenager's vertigo-inducing images, which include some shot 72 storeys above street level, show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below.
He says that security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings, but even if he can get past them, battling strong winds at high altitude often presents an even bigger challenge.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police.
She said: 'I recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact. I was saying ''how dare you do this?'''
Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Former Prime Minister said he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich'
Blair, who entered the general election fray for Labour this week, spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with Newsweek magazine.
He earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking.
Mr Blair has suggested that in fact, he is worth less than £20million.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.
By day, the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons.
Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service.
He was asked to talk about the trailer for the new Star Wars film, 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
He said the film was anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music.
BBC apologised and said the guest was a 20-year-old who had never seen the film.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months.
Her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher.
The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church and receives $2,442 in taxpayer funding per child from the state of Florida.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman.
She told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings two years ago.
Roxy changed her named by deed poll and hopes to have gender reassignment surgery.
Yazidi children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes.
They were forced to marry and convert to Islam and raped by ISIS fighters.
Women and girls were selected from a lottery for men to rape.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped.
Vandal smashed front window of Foxtons Brixton branch in South London.
Store front was covered in shattered glass and 'no evictions' spray painted.
One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Organiser of Reclaim Brixton event denounced violent actions of 'one idiot'
But said there could be a reason the estate agent has been 'continuously targeted'
Sympathisers and Brixton locals condemn 'isolated' act of vandalism.
England reached 341 for five on day one of the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341.
The Shepherd's Crown will be set in the Discworld universe and feature witch Tiffany Aching.
The plot of the final book is unknown, but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother.
Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel, The Colour Of Magic, in 1983.
He went on to sell 85million books worldwide, with his work being translated into 37 languages.
West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
The Hammers will be making significant cuts to their current pricing.
Sam Allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to Premier League clubs.
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest app update.
It also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab.
Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly.
The Glass House in Chislehurst was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951.
The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls.
It has now been put on the market for £3.5million and also boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and outside roof terrace.
Celtic U17s beat Rangers 2-0 in Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park.
Josh Kerr put the Hoops in front in the 74th minute.
Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015.
It is a cover of the song from 1983 film The Meaning of Life.
Professor Hawking can be seen in the music video whizzing through space.
Footage is interspersed with scenes of the Python live shows.
Luke Shambrook, 11, was sitting on the side of a hill peering between trees when he was spotted by a police helicopter.
He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, north-east of Melbourne.
His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with him as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher.
Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments.
Police said he was found 3km from where he first went missing but he could have walked much further in
California giant's patent says that the personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
The system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user.
Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run, jump and even open doors.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk has signed a new long-term deal.
The 28-year-old recently signed a deal until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian giants.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy.
But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet was blocked.
While fixing the toilet, he dug into a Messapian tomb, a Franciscan chapel, and etchings from the Knights Templar.
The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium and the building has been turned into museum.
It is not unusual for religious relics to turn up in the middle of the city itself, which has a mixture of old architecture.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx.
The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m.
Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
Charle managed to escape and ran naked down the street.
But Sprueill, who was also naked, allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest.
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for rape of 15-year-old.
She 'coached' husband Gary, 29, on best positions to conceive.
Planned to tell friends and family she got pregnant at house party.
Husband will be sentenced this month after pleading no contest to rape.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes, Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.
For those hungry to learn about Valle and his stomach-churning fantasies, the film will also be shown on HBO in May.
Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney.
In a text message to a friend the afternoon after the attack, Lazarus said: 'I honestly have zero recollection of calling you... Was a sick night – took a chick's virginity'
European Parliament set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts.
Current loophole sees all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels.
But winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs.
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh.
The 26-year-old left Bradford at the end of last season.
London coach Andrew Henderson said: 'It's a great signing for the club'
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be.
Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid in 2004.
The 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the hottest property in English football.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in southern Italy.
Pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of May elections.
But the 36-year-old has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes.
She is standing for Lega Sud Ausonia - a small independent party.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season.
The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.
Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about results.
Patrick Vieira's Manchester City Under 21s side lost 3-1 to West Ham.
Dan Potts opened the scoring before an own goal doubled their lead.
Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough.
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Princess Diana came second just ahead of former England captain David Beckham.
Kate Middleton came fourth in the British style stakes with Twiggy completing the top five.
Prime Minister hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign.
Vowed to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy.
Comes amid claims senior Tory figures are already planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease.
But new research shows it can boost memory by causing new brain cells to form.
'Pacemaker' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull.
Experiments on rats found therapy improved their powers of recall.
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember.
The striker is being touted as a possible England debutant.
Austin says his good mate Joey Barton ignored him on his first day.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side now have 115 goals for the season so far.
Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play before the final.
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK.
Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon.
Incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Vincent Kompany at Selhurst Park.
The Cumbrian striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Only four players in Europe have a better ratio than Murray.
Steven Gerrard was knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
Gerrard has just six games left to play in his 17-year Liverpool career.
Chelsea face West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Queens Park Rangers and Crystal Palace in the Premier League.
An independent panel of concussion experts will meet for the first time in May.
The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer for players.
Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach.
He suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets.
The price of failure could be lifelong pain for the parents.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to rare condition.
Doctors said he would need to have his right leg amputated or fused straight.
But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects and refused to give up.
They began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments.
Eventually found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved.
Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet.
He even threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page.
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter.
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric all showed off their skills in training on Monday.
Real are seven points clear of their rivals in the La Liga table.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander releases details of secret plans to cut benefits.
Claims they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander.
Tories angrily deny specific proposals set out in document revealed by Lib Dems.
But they remain under pressure to spell out how they will make savings.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
Jan Vertonghen missed out through illness with a shot in the arm.
Tim Sherwood's side took a giant step towards Premier League survival.
The camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe - may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
In a country where cows dominate the rural landscape, the discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists.
Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through Adam Federici's legs.
The Gunners will now face Chelsea in the final at Wembley on May 30.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank.
The partnership will run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
Mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United.
Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes the 26-year-old is at the right age to leave Borussia Dortmund.
Hummels reiterated he was weighing up his options after Dortmund's defeat by Bayern Munich at the weekend.
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat was forced out of the race, followed by Max Verstappen.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage.
But a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top.
Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.
The Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Rosberg took to Twitter to upload a picture of the pair on a flight back.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admitted he was a worried man following the manner of Vettel's victory.
Leonardo Jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to Juventus.
Juventus striker Alvaro Morata got clear of Ricardo Carvalho.
Carvalho's initial contact appeared to come from outside the area.
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa posed for a picture next to a boy.
The 52-year-old appeared oblivious to the message on the shirt and the large arrow that was pointing in his direction.
His supporters quickly rallied behind him and used the hashtag #WeAreWithYouMashi to fight back.
Letter from passenger 'Bethanie' to pilot 'providing proof that we're all in this together'
Message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4.
In it, a passenger writes how she feels the need to'reach out'
She thanks the pilot and the airline for 'allowing her' to live her life in Spain.
Labour leader faces further humiliation after plus-sized blogger withdraws support.
Callie Thorpe was listed on letter supporting Mr Miliband as receptionist.
But online she also describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger'
The 25-year-old has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays.
Manchester City have been linked with a move for Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell.
Roberto Mancini's relationship with the club was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club.
But the dilemma remains the same: How do City buy enough top English players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP regulations again?
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on the Fast & Furious franchise.
But this week she was unmasked as a fraud and a fraud.
The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain to the annual end-of-year dance this past Saturday night.
Webb asked her principal for permission, and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit.
On Saturday night, Drain came over to his granddaughter's house and the two swapped a boutonniere and corsage for the event.
After having a pre-prom dinner, Joy and her grandfather went on a horse and carriage ride around town before dropping them off at the school.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers.
She handed them over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old.
Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all.
Claims Gemma, who is unemployed, stole an iPad from one of the children.
Judge G. Todd Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.
Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case.
Ukip announced today it would make St George's Day a Bank Holiday in England.
But economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip.
He said: 'I guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that's in short supply for the needs of the British economy, we will leave to our migration commission'
Cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the wall.
She was knocked over by a Canadian tourist while visiting the Great Wall.
Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are investigating.
Chelsea allowed the Premier League trophy to be displayed at Stamford Bridge for the BBC on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen by members of the public.
Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace before celebrating.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton booked his trip to Las Vegas in December.
The fight was not announced until late one Friday in February.
Ade and his friends are planning a trip to the Hollywood hills in the days before the fight.
Laurene Jobs, 51, said Hillary Clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service.
The Apple founder's widow said the former First Lady has 'new realities and possibilities'
She was blasted for her'staged' visit to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated 'from beginning to end'
Rory McIlroy's fourth place in the Masters is his best finish in seven appearances.
McIlroy finished 12 shots better than last year and beat his previous best by eight shots.
Jordan Spieth sealed his maiden major at Augusta National on Sunday.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool.
The 20-year-old's contract talks are currently on hold.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling is a trophy-hunter rather than a money grabber.
Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Saracens face Clermont at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard on Saturday.
Wesley Fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is back to anchor the Saracens midfield.
Julien Bonnaire will be the first man to tackle Billy Vunipola.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours.
The Russian shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw.
Jonah's proud father Simon Scott said the chess champion was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son's moves.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's game against Burnley after injuring his knee.
The France international was carried off on a stretcher against Leicester.
Mauricio Pochettino could be without Roberto Soldado at Turf Moor.
Michael Clarke believes Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series.
Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney.
England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
They are believed to have travelled to war-torn Syria on March 31.
Muslim leader Farouk Younis said they could be followed by friends.
Said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who'might be looking at them'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity.
It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up.
One interesting aspect is that the rover’s tracks cannot be seen.
This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface.
The rover is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Prime Minister said he will amend Working Times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor, and get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday.
Business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
But Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said companies would not be forced to organise paid time-off for their employees.
Eden Hazard has scored 35 goals and 25 assists in 100 Premier League games for Chelsea this season.
Graeme Souness believes Hazard will be named PFA Player of the Year.
Jose Mourinho believes that 'it shouldn't even be a debate'
Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait.
The England No 8 had been cited for striking Leicester full back Matehw Tait with his head.
Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition.
Thiago Silva will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice.
The Brazilian is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.
David Luiz may be forced to return early to cope with the loss of Silva.
Robert Tomanovich is under fire from unhappy neighbours in Livonia, Michigan.
He first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag on a fence.
A second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business.
Toranovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history.
Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10.
The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United.
Manchester United led the way for 262 days during the 1993/94 season.
Dundee United have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance.
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission.
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family.
The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
On Friday, the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian.
The 10-second video, obtained by Daily Caller reporter Kaitlin Collins, is titled 'Lessons from Dan'
Blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his Instagram page.
In December, the former Navy SEAL trainee was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb.
A snowstorm was captured on video engulfing a bridge and then a river.
The storm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the Kommunalnyi Bridge in a matter of seconds.
Flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Just feet away, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013.
The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
Elton John and REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison.
‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ they said.
Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
A February lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law Center filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond,
Singer has enjoyed the best hotels around the world, but also enjoys a stay at Travelodge.
Says he would rather join the Mile High Club and be caught or never join at all.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the process of converting short-term memories to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep.
The process takes place in a section of the fly's brain called the mushroom body - similar to the hippocampus in humans, which is where our memories are stored.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old.
But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD)
DRD is a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder.
Elephant became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation.
More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
Rescuers quickly administered anti-infection and anti-shock drugs to help stabilise the elephant's condition.
The short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm.
Sydney Observatory staff tweeted a picture of equipment showing off the bright pink moon.
Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon.
The event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century.
Yeovil Town were relegated for the second consecutive time in Paul Sturrock's first game in charge.
The 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay before joining League One basement side Yeovil on Thursday.
Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Diana's final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online.
Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
In her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
Raheem Sterling's controversial 'It's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium, where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty.
In 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons.
In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013.
Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have high number of immigrants.
Other European countries also have similar numbers, with Germany having nine million, France recording 7.5million and Spain reporting more than six million.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa.
The 24-year-old has scored eight goals in his last six matches.
Villa boss Tim Sherwood will consider selling the Belgium international.
Manchester City face West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed by Yaya Toure's level.
The Chilean has vowed to support the Ivorian until the end of the season.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with Toulon.
The Queensland Reds fly-half becomes the latest Australia international to move abroad.
Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt for their World Cup campaign.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
He pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter.
On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months.
Prosecutors said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses.
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year, visiting historical sights such as the Duomo.
The last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors to the city.
Vandals have destroyed historic monuments, an influx of fast-food outlets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets.
Prince Ottaviano has proposed adding Florence, already a World Heritage City, to UNESCO's endangered list.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved.
The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester.
He was caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell.
But in a desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft.
Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son.
There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yang’s statement is the only evidence.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect.
He endured eight open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.
His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, to tie the knot.
But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
To grant the little boy's final wish, staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside.
The five-year-old held the rings at the wedding on Saturday, with his mother saying Corey looked'very
Veteran scriptwriter Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing.
He said parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1.
But not everyone got the memo.
Cassandra Hann‎ said she was refused entry because she was wearing Havianas.
Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge because he was wearing thongs, jeans and t-shirt.
Sex worker Estelle Lucas, from Melbourne, saw the upside to the situation.
LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a speech at Syracuse University on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
The Louisville native lost 50 pounds after making a New Year's resolution to lose weight and love herself more.
She also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's celebration on Sky's Soccer AM.
Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday.
The former England striker was less than impressed with Adam's antics.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final first leg in Turin.
Arturo Vidal gave the Italians the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg.
Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II.
Millionaires' Row is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street.
It featured impressionists playing celebrities such as Michael Caine and Keith Richards living as neighbours.
The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter.
Joe Root has bounced back from being left out of the Sydney Test.
Root has been superb in his middle-order role and should not be moved up the batting card.
Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player the captain of the team.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the Octagon tonight.
The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson.
Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent.
Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported from Britain because he is an alcoholic.
Seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country, a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights.
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he will be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan.
But promoter Eddie Hearn has put the words in his mouth.
Khan Snr says: 'Eddie will talk reasonably in the negotiating room. Pleasant with us but as soon as he gets outside he starts with the nonsense'
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house in Middletown.
She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck, but fell out of window.
Seconds later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting ground'
She was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling.
Also had to relearn how to swallow food, brush teeth, get dressed and wash herself.
Now, she has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and Wesleyan University.
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined.
On Friday night, his mother Carley Nickerson shared on Facebook that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Wonga, the UK's biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
City watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London's West End.
She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.
But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Police found damning mobile phone footage of
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters.
Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
Loretta Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her.
She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder.
The White House said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today.
Cruz tried to block Lynch from clearing a procedural hurdle earlier in the day, giving an impassioned speech on the chamber floor urging his colleagues to oppose her nomination.
Hannah Brierley, 16, spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in Rochdale, Manchester.
She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Mrs Marriott couldn't get hold of the RSCPA so called the police to help them.
Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, used a pillowcase to capture the white snake and took it back to the station, before being transferred into the care of the
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'
But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany.
Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Dortmund.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project.
Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places.
The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
The key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities.
Enough bench/counter space is crucial not only for food preparation but also for serving when entertaining.
There was plenty of bench space in Dea and Darren’s kitchen on The Block.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment.
He told a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason'
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead.
The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.
She was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
Arsenal are looking to add to their squad ahead of the 2015-16 Premier League season.
Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois.
Paddy Power appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans.
The tweet was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers.
It has resulted in a furious backlash on social media.
Sebastian Thrun founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars.
He said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.
But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar.
When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said.
The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Visitors will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time.
But she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.
The sophomore at Woodgrove High School and her family sued the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association on March 10.
They said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league.
Audrey might miss the opportunity to play this season as there is only one tournament remaining in the club season, but if NV Premier does well she
Swansea beat Everton 3-1 at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Garry Monk wants his former side to continue their impressive form.
Everton qualified for Europe with a fifth-placed finish last season.
But Monk is determined to stop Roberto Martinez profiting at his old stomping ground.
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine.
Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim.
She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
She says she always felt a profound connection to nature.
YouTube videos show Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in the Championship play-off.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game for the home side.
The Owls had a number of long balls attempted by each side.
Cardiff University study found most teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers.
This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits.
Abou Diaby has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career.
Arsene Wenger has hinted that the midfielder could have a future.
Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday.
Wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for Mikel Arteta and Tomas Rosicky.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
During a segment in which Jenna was discussing her 'next adventure' for the show, she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy, asking Mila who was in there, before the toddler told the world that it was her 'baby sissy'
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in Paddy Power advert.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it.
Walsh is riding Ballycasey in Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million flat to his children.
It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims.
His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year.
The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute him.
It was previously thought that the mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man.
But a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium.
The major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to the ground and
The actor was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu.
He said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is'
The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Alan Pardew's record at Newcastle and Crystal Palace would see him in eighth place.
Pardew is a contender for Premier League Manager of the Year.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind.
The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away.
Dale Cregan reportedly transferred from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital.
Source said 31-year-old was 'playing the system' at Category A jail in Merseyside.
Cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes.
He was said to have started refusing food after being moved to solitary confinement.
Brady tortured and murdered five children in Greater Manchester between 1963 and 1965.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40.
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22.
He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born on January 17 and 19, but keepers don't know their genders yet.
They are joined by two other youngsters who were born earlier in 2014, along with 13 adults in the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit.
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City.
The legal brothel was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series.
William Shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News.
He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California.
The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes.
But the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
Two Germanwings flights forced to make emergency landings in two days.
One over suspected oil leak and another after passenger fell ill.
Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said.
Passenger and flight attendant required medical treatment for 'an acute feeling of sickness'
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne cathedral today.
He urged forgiveness for all of the crash's victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz was widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit.
Small wooden angels placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights.
Flags flown at half-mast across country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of relatives in west-German city.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four.
The Reds have won just one of their last six games against top-five sides.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.
The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was being held on $300,000 cash bail Tuesday.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia on 6th April.
He will spend four weeks with Australian Defence Force.
The 30-year-old will visit the Australian War Memorial and the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight.
During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer at the age of five.
She went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.
However, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia in Canada, six days after giving birth on March 10.
A Gofundme page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $40,000 in her memory.
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, was first diagnosed with arthritis in 2013.
She was initially given daily pain medication to relieve the pain.
Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years.
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.
The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn.
In interviews Friday at Coast Guard headquarters in Portsmouth, they said they did not see Jordan's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea.
Pensioners and neighbours have criticised the £750,000 refurbishment of sheltered accommodation at Redlands House in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan.
All of the 36 units have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' by local residents.
But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Tom Poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries.
Poynton had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Clermont Auvergne thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie.
The French outfit are now plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership’s second best side.
Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing their Champions Cup semi-final against Northampton.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Reds were thrashed 5-0 by Manchester City last season.
Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
There are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class.
This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
Esteban Cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy.
Cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010 while playing for Inter Milan.
Leicester City face West Ham United at home on Saturday.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered.
The body has not yet been formally identified, but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Mr Powell is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.
Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo.
The Swiss No 2 is the defending champion in the tournament.
Dimitrov will play Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Manchester United's record against the Premier League's top seven continues.
Louis van Gaal's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches.
Chelsea (1.56) and Manchester City ( 1.5) sit second and third respectively.
United travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail.
He headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army.
The move has been slammed by the man's supporters, who have called for a nationwide general strike.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters'
In special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves.
David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband.
Vijaya Gadde said social network let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
She made the announcement on the day a study found 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems.
F1 commercial head Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix.
The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races.
Kate Sullivan, 50, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
Sullivan had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg.
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul'
Simon Cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is becoming a luxury hotel, it emerged today.
The Mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was made up.
Baboucarr Ceesay believed to have died on fishing boat in 'desperate' attempt to seek new life in UK.
His aunt Jessica Sey has spoken of her devastation after discovering he was not among the 27 survivors.
She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths'
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'
Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Toure's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for City.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year.
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged.
Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man.
The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla.
Authorities said the Northern California boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, began his crime spree at the age of 11.
He burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores in County Durham wielding an axe.
But shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard McKarry's demands and ran from the back of the store to pounce on him.
McKerry was subdued by the owner who rugby tackled him to the floor.
His wife then appeared clutching her son's baseball bat and subdue him further.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.
Mayweather, meanwhile, has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
The couple recently purchased a a mansion in Beverly Hills for £8.4million.
Left-wing Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
Tory MPs last night claimed Labour’s Argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for Miliband.
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang.
She was being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man.
He offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
Peter Moore received letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week.
The 47-year-old pottery factory worker from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, was shocked.
He said: 'I don't know how that kind of mistake could have been made'
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull City on Tuesday.
Sturridge has been sidelined with a series of calf and thigh injuries.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for the England striker.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5.
Woods has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form.
There has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed when the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her.
Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the American ash tree.
The 200-year-old ash tree was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen.
The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people.
Her 23-year-old single mother, Aren Almon-Kok, saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day.
A day later, it had swept the world. Two decades on, the shock is still raw.
A lost iPhone was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning.
Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station.
Bella Crooke lost her phone at a friend's birthday party the night before and dialled her number as soon as she realised.
The post was quickly shared by the woman's friends who labelled police 'legends' for their unusual approach.
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break.
David Silva and Jesus Navas also scored for the home side at the Etihad Stadium.
West Ham defender James Collins missed an own goal in the 18th minute.
Feline was chasing bird when it slipped on icy surface and lost its footing.
As the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks.
The hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Hector Bellerin has emerged as Arsenal's premier right back.
The Spaniard has been filling in for the injured Mathieu Debuchy.
Bellerin has shaved a hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's time.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident.
His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
The settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older.
The St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria.
Residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime.
The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir.
Celtic beat Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Virgil van Dijk gave Celtic the lead in the 18th minute.
Edward O'Fere added a second in the 96th minute despite the attention of Van Dijk.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking.
The pair are pictured holding shisha pipes and drinking Fanta.
Sterling is considering his future at the club.
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.
One amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume.
Tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the UFO could be, suggesting it could be police helicopters, an optical illusion or even an alien craft.
Toxicology results released Monday show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month.
Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club.
The truck driver suffered injuries that weren't considered life-threatening.
Andre Ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to land the Ghana international.
The 25-year-old fits into Mauricio Pochettino's transfer blueprint.
The orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a Jack Russell's mouth - are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner.
Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into their diet slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food.
The first of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the Secret World centre, but now they're growing at an astonishing rate.
Beverch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees.
Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium.
The 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday night.
They will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place known as Death Valley.
The condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear, which symbolises the afterlife, before beginning their fatal trek.
Porto face Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Portuguese side are the only undefeated side in the competition.
Julen Lopetegui says Porto have plenty of room to improve.
Samantha Armytage interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones.
Armytage congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her'
Co-host David 'Kochie' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment, taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old's direction.
A Change.com petition, which has since been signed by 186 people, was launched on Monday.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk.
The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning, police said.
They have been sent to the medical examiner's office for identification.
It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home; he says he was looking for AJ.
The little owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother's wing.
The scene was photographed from just six metres away by Dean Mason, 48, who hid away in a camouflaged shelter.
He said: 'The three siblings are doing exactly what siblings do - playing combined with the odd argument'
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images.
Book was compiled by Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49.
The two men established the first flea market in Rome and were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy.
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel.
It was later sold at auction for £2,200 and could now be worth millions.
Bed was left by builders who were renovating the property in Hough Green, Chester.
They dismantled it and left it to be picked up by auctioneers in 2010.
DNA tests confirmed it was European oak and of sub-species 'typical of origin of finest, slow-grown oak imported by the medieval elites'
Gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture.
The model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector.
Hippopotamus stood its ground against three-year-old lions in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park.
At first, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
However, as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators.
The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009.
His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking.
When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help.
Jessica Cleland, 19, took her own life on Easter Saturday last year.
She received Facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her and that she was a 'f***ing sook'
The Cleland's are now campaigning to see cyber bullying taken more seriously in Victoria and around Australia.
Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie's Law, which was introduced in 2011 after the death of Brodie Panlock.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.
After a series of interviews, the Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.
A Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories.
The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9.
There are signs that Labour, and not the Tories, is at risk from Ukip.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday.
Marihugh and 32-year-old Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of a swimming pool at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
Lewis died Friday. Lloyd says both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future.
Belgian attacker was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign.
Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California.
The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.
It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph.
He initially ignored Essex Police's attempts to confirm who was driving.
Instead he made up a series of stories to shift the blame, police said.
X was jailed for nine months and ordered to pay costs of £1,200.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City.
Neville believes United can beat anyone with their current form.
Bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri.
Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
Researchers sketching out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the Internet.
They say the animal's cerebral cortex is 'like a mini-Internet'
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury.
It has an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.
Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in 19th Century.
In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion.
Byron Schlenker's buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6.
His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men's crown.
Zara Phillips has pulled out of the Rolex Kentucky three-day event.
Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section of the Eventing at London 2012 on board High Kingdom.
The Queen's granddaughter was due to make her Kentucky debut.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363.
The average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.
Filkins was arrested on April 17 after owner Mark Conklin found her sitting in his summer home estimated to be worth $800,000.
When he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime.
It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain.
But it emerged Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
Andy Erlam won High Court victory to kick out crooked mayor Lutfur Rahman.
Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014.
He was branded a 'pathological liar' and a cheat happy to 'play the race card'
Mr Erlam has pledged to end years of 'Rotten Borough' politics.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng' from Shenyang, North China, takes 30,000 selfies with passengers.
The cabby picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him.
He uploads them to a popular Chinese social media website making him one of the most recognised faces in the region.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
The Highlanders were awarded a penalty for Josh Meekings' handball.
Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given.
Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time.
Raymond van Barnevald defeated Michael van Gerwen 7-3 at the 02 Arena.
Robin van Persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel TV.
Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was found guilty on December 3 of raping the girl who wandered into a garage where he was playing video games.
Judge M. Marc Kelly said he was sure that although he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream out, 'there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being'
Prosecutors have said they will appeal the controversial decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday.
He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
MV Azores had been set to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night.
But its owners were served with a summons for an 'unresolved' and 'historic' debt.
Lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over 'an unresolved and historic' wrangle.
The ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned.
She then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account.
The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester.
Four teenagers caught on camera kicking rare bird and throwing another out of window.
The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks.
CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands.
They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out.
Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Posters promoting a'straight pride' week at Youngstown State University were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech.
The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that.
The Brazilian ace showed off his skills ahead of Barcelona's trip to Sevilla on Saturday.
Barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of La Liga.
Christopher Eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses.
The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005.
He has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses.
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery.
MH17 was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile on July 17, 2014.
In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government.
MPs have a duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’
Critics accused NUT of ‘thought control’ and said proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013.
Loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed, but Vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances'
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on CNN.com, Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com.
They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-banned users (NBUs)
Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider'
In terms of activity, the study found that trolls make more comments each day, and post more times on
Cassandra Fortin, 17, has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at Connecticut Children's Medical Center for Hodgkin's lymphoma.
As she was discharged from the facility on Monday, the teenager said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy.
The teenager made national headlines last year after she and her mother initially refused the treatment.
They said they wanted to explore natural alternatives instead.
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt.
The 72-year-old quit Bayern Munich on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto.
Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Cesc Fabregas was left bloodied after being caught by Charlie Adam's flailing arm during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City on Saturday.
The Spain international also took a whack on his leg during the clash.
Fabregas took to Instagram to show off his battle scar - a large gash across the top of his swollen nose.
West Brom are weighing up the possibility of signing Nice forward Alassane Plea.
Plea has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder.
Tony Pulis is keen on bolstering his forward options in the summer.
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton.
Saracens scored two tries with Ashton off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, Durham.
He waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant Andrea Brighty.
But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him.
As the men wrestled, McKerry's wife Sam helped by hitting him with a baseball bat.
She struck him twice, helping to disarm him while her husband twisted him around to reveal his face to the cameras.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under canon law.
But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do more.
Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police.
Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention.
It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.
This, for example, would make hydrogen fuel cells for cars much more economical.
The major benefit from this breakthrough is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar.
Solar power is thought to provide up to four per cent of the UK's electricity by the end of the decade.
Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon.
At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs.
Carver says he has not been told if he will still have a role at the club next season.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash.
Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away.
His husband, Malcolm Webster, was equally bereft at the loss of his wife.
It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by Webster so he could cash in on her life insurance.
Last year Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.